Built
Economic
Military
Decorative
Building Time
Food Gathering/Hour
Gold Gathering/Hour
Stop Upgrading
INSTANTo
Are you sure you want to stop upgrading {p1}? Only 50% of resources and items consumed will be returned to you.
Upgrade
City Hall
Farm
Lumber Mill
Quarry
Goldmine
Wall
Builder's Hut
Watchtower
Barracks
Every city begins here
Provides food for the city
Produces wood from trees
Mines stone from the ground#
Mines gold to create valuable coins(
Enhances the city's defensive capability
Adds additional building queues
Repels invading enemies
Trains fearless foot soldiers
Stable
Archery Range
Siege Workshop
Academy
Hospital
Storehouse
Alliance Center
Castle
Tavern
Trading Post
Shop
Trains courageous cavalry
Trains accurate archers!
Manufactures mighty siege weapons
Researches new technologies
Heals wounded troops%
Protects city resources from invaders!
Allows allies to assist your city
Rallies alliance troops
Recruits legendary commanders-
Allows alliance members to exchange resources"
Offers a variety of items for sale
BUILD
Unit Capacity
Troop Dispatch Queue
Food Production/Hour
Max Food Capacity
Wood Production/Hour
Max Wood Capacity
Stone Production/Hour
Max Stone Capacity
Gold Production/Hour
Max Gold Capacity
Max Wall Durability
Watchtower Health
Infantry Training Capacity
Troop Attack Bonus
Cavalry Training Capacity
Troop Defense Bonus
Archer Training Capacity
Troop Health Bonus
Siege Training Capacity
Troop Load Bonus
Research Speed Bonus
Hospital Capacity
Troop Health Bonus
Food Protection Capacity
Wood Protection Capacity
Stone Protection Capacity
Gold Protection Capacity
Rallied Army Capacity
Times You Can Be Helped
Reinforcement Troop Capacity
Number Of Scouts
Free Golden Chest
Transportation Capacity
Tax Rate 
Transportation March Speed Bonus.
Upgrade City Hall to Level {p1} to build more!:
You've already built the maximum amount of this structure.*
Upgrade City Hall to Level {p1} to unlock!
Your city hall is the key to your city and the heart of your civilization. It is both a majestic landmark and an important functional institution that oversees building construction, resource gathering, technological research, troop development, and all other areas.
Our wise ancestors chose to give up their hunter-gatherer lifestyles and create permanent settlements where they could raise livestock and grow crops. That was the origin of the first agricultural societies, which appeared around 12,000 years ago in the Neolithic Age.
Forests are gifts to us from Mother Nature, and lumber mills are where we make our own treasures out of wood. However, due to excessive deforestation by humans, this precious resource is quickly disappearing. Maybe it's time for us to stop?
Quarries are sites where rocks or stones are produced. It is well-known that stone was widely used to make implements with edges and points during the so-called Stone Age. This era corresponded with a new chapter in technological prehistory.(
It is impossible for us to know the exact date that humans first began to mine gold, but those sparkling artifacts have been the symbol of nobility for thousands of years. From the oldest known goldmine in what is now the nation of Georgia to modern mining machines, the charm of gold never dies.e
Walls have been a crucial component of human settlements throughout history. In a time when technology was limited, building these giant structures could be a massive undertaking. Therefore, these imposing walls are entirely worthy of the name "man-made miracles". Each time your civilization enters a new age, your city walls will gain an additional layer.
The builder's hut is where the city's hard-working builders live, and the only place where you can manage the building queue. You can spend gems to add an additional queue, or use speedup items to reduce construction time.
The main purpose of a watchtower is to provide a high, safe place from which a sentinel may observe the surrounding area. Sometimes it is also a part of communication system. Famous examples are fortifications like Hadrian's Wall in Britain and ancient China's beacon towers.
Early barracks such as those of the Roman Praetorian Guard were built to maintain elite forces. From historical sources we can see that the basics of life in a military camp have remained relatively constant for thousands of years.
Horses are the key to strong cavalry, and stables are the secret to raising strong horses. The world's oldest stables were discovered in Ancient Egypt. Maybe that is why the Arab light cavalry could cause such big trouble for the crusaders.
The bow and arrow were invented in the later Paleolithic. Archers have existed since then, while the establishment of archery ranges, specialized facilities designed for archery practice, was the result of social and military demand.
A siege engine is a device designed to break or circumvent city walls and other fortifications during siege warfare. The earliest engine was the battering ram, developed by the Assyrians, followed by the catapult in ancient Greece.
An academy (Attic Greek: 
is) is an institution of higher education, research, or honorary membership. The name traces back to Plato's school of philosophy, founded approximately 385 BC at Akademia, a sanctuary of Athena, north of Athens, Greece.
The earliest documented institutions aiming to provide cures were ancient Egyptian temples. In ancient Greece, temples dedicated to the healer-god Asclepius, known as asclepieia, functioned as centers of medical advice, prognosis, and healing.
Early civilizations relied on storage pits rather than large structures to protect seeds and surplus food. Some later storage facilities, like Roman horrea, were rectangular buildings built of stone, with a raised ground floor and overhanging roof to keep the walls cool and dry.
War is an extension of politics - only good diplomatic relations are able to guarantee the long-term development of a civilization. In the Alliance Center, you can find an alliance you wish to join and conquer the land with your allies.'
Castles originated in the 9th century, after the fall of the Carolingian Empire resulted in its territory being divided among individual lords and princes. Castles were built by these nobles to control the area immediately surrounding them, and served as both offensive and defensive structures.
No one is born a hero
a pure and noble heart determines whether a person will overcome his or her greatest obstacles. In the tavern you can find all kinds of people, including, perhaps, the commander who is fated to help you write history. Get ready to meet your destiny.?
Trading posts have existed for as long as humans have engaged in trade. Some of them operate daily while others are held on less frequent specified days, but all of them play an irreplaceable role in people's daily lives. The preferred travel route to a trading post or between trading posts was known as a trade route.
Once there was an entrepreneur who said that a shop will eventually become a place where customers can buy everything they want, and our shop is just that kind of place! Strategic weapons, military supplies, you want 'em, we got 'em! Come on, the future awaits.
Courier Station
Tree
Rock
Road
Fountain
Statue
Flowerpot
Scout Camp
Notice Board
Monument
King's Road8
Resting place for travelling merchants and supply wagons
Ordinary urban roadway
Manages your scouts
Displays recent announcements#
Honors the pioneers of civilization!
Glittering roadway fit for a king
The courier station began as a tiny building for transmitting government documents and military intelligence, and eventually grew into a place for officers and merchants to eat and rest. Large courier stations can accommodate hundreds of guests and livestock.!
A road is a thoroughfare, route, or way on land between two places that has been paved or otherwise improved to allow travel by foot or some form of conveyance, including a motor vehicle, cart, bicycle, or horse. However, in this brand new world, you can build your roads any way you like!
The scout camp houses the city's scouts. These brave pathfinders love to explore the unknown, and are willing to venture deep into the mysterious fog, or even enemy bases. Thanks to them, we can gather a lot of valuable information that will have a significant impact on our development.
The latest news about game changes will be posted on the bulletin board. Check here for information about updates, events, game optimizations, and more!
Monuments are built to commemorate important people or events, to honor deities, or to symbolize certain principles. Monuments are often erected in the center of a city, close beside the administrative headquarters, or near a major landmark such as the main gate. Visit your city's monument anytime to read up on the history of your kingdom and learn about the great events that shaped the world you live in and the civilizations who dominate it.^
What more information could you possibly need!? 
It's a road paved with bricks of solid gold!
Building Speed
Research Speed
Training Speed
Healing Speed
Food Production
Wood Production
Stone Production
Gold Production
Food Gathering Speed
Wood Gathering Speed
Stone Gathering Speed
Gold Gathering Speed
Gem Gathering Speed
Troop Load
Resource Protection Capacity
Unit Capacity
Infantry Attack
Archer Attack
Cavalry Attack
Siege Unit Attack
Infantry Defense
Archer Defense
Cavalry Defense
Siege Unit Defense
Infantry Health
Archer Health
Cavalry Health
Siege Unit Health
March Speed
Technology
Item
Holy Site
Building!
Garrison Commander Buffs Excluded!
Garrison Commander Buffs Excluded
Silver Chest
Golden Chest
Today's Free Chests: {p1}/{p2}
Free In: 
Free Silver Chest
Daily Free Silver Chests
Upgrading {p2} to Level {p1}...
Building {p1}...)
Governor, your builders are hard at work.0
Governor, your builders are ready to begin work.
Building Queue Is Available<
Governor, the extra builders will stay in the city for {p1}.)
Hire Extra Builders For Additional Queue!Z
Become a VIP 6 and <color=#ffa800>permanently unlock</color> the secondary building queue!
Hire
Sign a {p1}-Day Contract
Builders Are Busy Now!
Governor, your builders are busy now. You can use <color=#ffA800ff>{p1}</color> to <color=#ffA800ff>hire extra builders</color> or <color=#ffA800ff>Speed Up</color> current building queue.k
Governor, the builders are busy now. You can speed up the current building queue before starting a new one. 
Governor, your extra builders' contract will expire in <color=#ffA800ff>{p1}</color>, while the new building queue will last for <color=#ffA800ff>{p2}</color>. You can use <color=#ffA800ff>{p3}</color> to extend their contracts or <color=#ffA800ff>Speed Up</color> current building queue.0
Your extra building queue will expire very soon!#
Extra Builders Remaining Time: {p1}
Building Queue
1. Watchtowers automatically attack invading enemies.
2. When a city's garrison is under attack, Watchtowers will absorb a percentage of the damage dealt by the enemy.
3. Watchtower health automatically recovers at a rate of 1% per minute.
4. A Watchtower's Attack and troop protection rate are linked to the Watchtower's status. As its status worsens, its Attack and troop protection rate decrease.
Wall Durability
Once your garrison and Watchtowers have been defeated, your Wall will start burning, and its durability will decrease continuously for 30 minutes. Repairs can be made once every 30 minutes, restoring {p1} durability each time.
1. You can choose a commander to defend your Wall and lead your garrison troop. When your city comes under attack, its garrison commander will lead your garrison troop in protecting your city.
2. Buffs granted by the garrison commander stack with the buffs granted by the city itself.
3. When no garrison commander has been selected or when the selected garrison commander is not within your city, the highest-level commander in your city will be <color=#ffA800ff>automatically promoted</color> to <color=#ffA800ff>temporary</color> garrison commander and will remain in this position until you replace them or the original garrison commander returns to your city.
4. Once your garrison troop and Watchtowers have been defeated, your Wall will start to burn, and its durability will continually decrease over time. If your Wall's durability drops to 0, your city will be automatically teleported to a random location on the map.7
Watchtower Status: <b><color=#06FF2F>Intact</color></b>B
Watchtower Status: <b><color=#06FF2F>Partially Damaged</color></b>8
Watchtower Status: <b><color=#c88800>Damaged</color></b>A
Watchtower Status: <b><color=#F88585>Severely Damaged</color></b>!
Wall Durability: <b>{p1}/{p2}</b>6
Troop Protection Rate: <b>{p1}</b>
Attack: <b>{p2}</b>
Wall Status: <b>Undamaged</b> 
Wall Status: <b>Needs Repair</b>2
Wall Status: <b><color=#F88585>Burning</color></b>
Garrison Commander
Wall
Watchtower Health: {p1}/{p2}
Extinguish Fires
Restore 500 Wall Durability
Upgrade {p1} To Level {p2}
Garrison Info
Troop Protection Rate
Watchtower Attack-
Governor, the second building queue is ready!
Watchtower Attack'
<b><color=#06FF2F>No Damage</color></b>%
<b><color=#c88800>Damaged</color></b>.
<b><color=#F88585>Severely Damaged</color></b>'
<b><color=#BFBFBF>Destroyed</color></b>
Infantry Training
Archer Training
Cavalry Training 
Siege Unit Training
Commander RecruitmentW
Governor, the new builders have arrived, and you can now use the second building queue."
Tap to choose a garrison commander
Reinforcement Capacity2
There are currently no reinforcements in the city.
Reinforcement History
Governor
Troops
Time<
Send reinforcements to help your allies defend their cities.+
The Alliance Center allows you to receive reinforcements from allies. This will strengthen the power of your garrison and bolster your city's defenses. If your city suffers heavy casualties after being attacked by other governors, your allies can send you emergency supplies via the Alliance Center.`
Are you sure you wish to disband the reinforcements? All troops will return to their own cities.
Number of Scouts
Scout March Speed Bonus 
Upgrade city hall to build more!-
Use {p1} to add an additional building queue.
Pedestal Lantern
Stone Drum
Stone Pillar
Stone Pillar
Human Sculpture
Guardian Lion
Pegasus
Chinese Dragon
ToriiE
The stone lampstands are widely used in royal palaces, officer residences and homes of the wealth in the ancient China. They are usually designed and made by proficient craftsmen. The structure of the lampstand can be very exquisite, which allows it to keep the fire alive for a considerable long time on rainy or windy days.
A mysterious stone drum manufactured in an unknown age, with strange symbols on its surface. Some people said you can hear beautiful musics come from it on good sunny days which is quite supernatural. Is it made by a more advanced civilization, or it is not belong to this land at all?
A pillar or column in architecture and structural engineering is a structural element that transmits, through compression, the weight of the structure above to other structural elements below. The term pillar/column applies especially to a large round support with a capital and a base or pedestal which is made of stone. For the purpose of wind or earthquake engineering, pillars may be designed to resist lateral forces. Other compression members are often termed "pillars/columns" because of the similar stress conditions. A pillar might also be a decorative element not needed for structural purposes; many pillars are "engaged", that is to say form part of a wall.
A pillar or column in architecture and structural engineering is a structural element that transmits, through compression, the weight of the structure above to other structural elements below. The term pillar/column applies especially to a large round support with a capital and a base or pedestal which is made of stone. For the purpose of wind or earthquake engineering, pillars may be designed to resist lateral forces. Other compression members are often termed "pillars/columns" because of the similar stress conditions. A pillar might also be a decorative element not needed for structural purposes; many pillars are "engaged", that is to say form part of a wall.
An ordinary stone sculpture of an adult male. It's hard to say who he really is since his face is already damaged, but this artwork does make people feel that he is actually alive. Rumor says you should not touch his cane because it brings you misfortunes.
Chinese guardian lions are a common representation of the lion in imperial China. Since the introduction of the lion symbolism from Indian culture especially through Buddhist symbolism, statues of guardian lions have traditionally stood in front of Chinese Imperial palaces, Imperial tombs, government offices, temples, and the homes of government officials and the wealthy, from the Han dynasty, and were believed to have powerful mythic protective benefits. Guardian lion statues are still common decorative and symbolic elements at the entrances to restaurants, hotels and other structures, in China and in other places around the world where the Chinese people have immigrated and settled, especially in local Chinatowns. The lions are usually depicted in pairs. When used as statuary the pair would consist of a male leaning his paw upon an embroidered ball (in imperial contexts, representing supremacy over the world ) and a female restraining a playful cub that is on its back (representing nurture ).
Pegasus is a mythical winged divine stallion, and one of the most recognized creatures in Greek mythology. Usually depicted as pure white, Pegasus is a child of the Olympian god Poseidon. He was foaled by the Gorgon Medusa upon her death, when the hero Perseus decapitated her. The symbolism of Pegasus varies with time. Symbolic of wisdom and fame from the Middle Ages until the Renaissance, Pegasus became associated with poetry around the 19th century, as the fountainhead of sources from which the poets gained their inspiration. Pegasus is the subject of a very rich iconography, especially throughout ancient Greek pottery and paintings and sculptures of the Renaissance.
Chinese dragons are legendary creatures in Chinese mythology, Chinese folklore, and East Asian culture at large. Chinese dragons have many animal-like forms such as turtles and fish, but are most commonly depicted as snake-like with four legs. They traditionally symbolize potent and auspicious powers, particularly control over water, rainfall, typhoons, and floods. During the days of Imperial China, the Emperor of China usually used the dragon as a symbol of imperial power and strength. In Chinese culture, excellent and outstanding people are compared to a dragon, while incapable people with no achievements are compared to other, disesteemed creatures, such as a worm.
A torii is a traditional Japanese gate most commonly found at the entrance of or within a Shinto shrine, where it symbolically marks the transition from the mundane to the sacred. The presence of a torii at the entrance is usually the simplest way to identify Shinto shrines, and a small torii icon represents them on Japanese road maps. The oldest existing stone torii was built in the 12th century and belongs to a Hachiman Shrine in Yamagata prefecture. Torii gates were traditionally made from wood or stone, but today they can be also made of reinforced concrete, copper, stainless steel or other materials. They are usually either unpainted or painted vermilion with a black upper lintel.
Governor, are you sure you want to demolish {p1}? We will receive 10% of the resource consumed as compensation after the demolition.
Demolish Structure
Bamboo
Bamboo
Maple
Maple
Coconut Tree
Coconut Tree
Willow
Willow
Imperial Decorations
Panda's Favorite Food
A Lingering Fragrance
The Green Watcher
Autumn's Beauty
Leaves of Fire
Goddess of the Beach
Island Dreams
Spring Lady
Wind Dancer
Light of Civilization
Drumbeats of Courage
Ancient Heritage
Aesthetic Masterpiece
Sculpture of a man
Stone sculpture of a lion$
Divine stallion from Greek mythology)
Legendary creature from Chinese mythology
Entrance to a sacred place
Bamboo is a symbol of high-minded purity in many cultures and a frequent object of sonnets and poems by the cultured scholars of pre-modern times. The benefits of bamboo extend far beyond the beautiful bamboo forests of the orient, but also include a variety of musical instruments and other precious crafts that may be constructed using this very special plant. Its young shoots are also commonly regarded as a delicious ingredient in many cuisines or, for the panda, the entire plant.
Bamboo is a symbol of high-minded purity in many cultures and a frequent object of sonnets and poems by the cultured scholars of pre-modern times. The benefits of bamboo extend far beyond the beautiful bamboo forests of the orient, but also include a variety of musical instruments and other precious crafts that may be constructed using this very special plant. Its young shoots are also commonly regarded as a delicious ingredient in many cuisines or, for the panda, the entire plant.
The elm tree is a deciduous tree which generally grow to about 25 meters high. The bark of young elms is a smooth gray or grayish brown, while bigger elms will have a rougher, darker gray bark with deep, irregular vertical grooves. Elm leaves are oval-shaped and come to a point at the end, with jagged edges and prominent veins. The base of the leaf is slightly asymmetrical, and the leaves may be smooth on top and fuzzy on the bottom. The flowering period of the elm tree is from March to June, and the fruit is shaped like an oval, about 1.5 cm long. The elm tree likes light, is highly adaptable, and is tolerant of droughts, cold, and barren soil. At the same time, elms develop a strong root system which can help resist wind and protect soil from erosion. As a result, while it is often used in medicine and as a production material, it is also favored for its wind resistance and solid soil in deserts and for land development.
The elm tree is a deciduous tree which generally grow to about 25 meters high. The bark of young elms is a smooth gray or grayish brown, while bigger elms will have a rougher, darker gray bark with deep, irregular vertical grooves. Elm leaves are oval-shaped and come to a point at the end, with jagged edges and prominent veins. The base of the leaf is slightly asymmetrical, and the leaves may be smooth on top and fuzzy on the bottom. The flowering period of the elm tree is from March to June, and the fruit is shaped like an oval, about 1.5 cm long. The elm tree likes light, is highly adaptable, and is tolerant of droughts, cold, and barren soil. At the same time, elms develop a strong root system which can help resist wind and protect soil from erosion. As a result, while it is often used in medicine and as a production material, it is also favored for its wind resistance and solid soil in deserts and for land development.
A classic symbol of autumn and extremely popular decorative element of many gardens, the maple tree is one of the most recognizable trees to be found in nature. The maple leaf grows in a very visually striking manner, and the tree's sap can be cooked down into a type of sweet syrup with a very distinctive flavor. The sight of roads and streets covered with fresh maple leaves signifies fall has truly arrived.
A classic symbol of autumn and extremely popular decorative element of many gardens, the maple tree is one of the most recognizable trees to be found in nature. The maple leaf grows in a very visually striking manner, and the tree's sap can be cooked down into a type of sweet syrup with a very distinctive flavor. The sight of roads and streets covered with fresh maple leaves signifies fall has truly arrived.k
An iconic symbol of the tropics, the coconut tree is one of the more common fruits to be found around the equatorial coast and is an extremely tenacious plant. A coconut tree is usually composed of a single towering trunk which rarely sprouts branches. Both the juice and the pulp of the tree's coconut fruit are delicious, and even the outer shell and its fibers are often woven into popular handicrafts. Unfortunately for those seeking to make use of this special fruit, the coconut is only found at the very top of the towering tree, and hence such individuals would do well to consider the difficulty of their task.k
An iconic symbol of the tropics, the coconut tree is one of the more common fruits to be found around the equatorial coast and is an extremely tenacious plant. A coconut tree is usually composed of a single towering trunk which rarely sprouts branches. Both the juice and the pulp of the tree's coconut fruit are delicious, and even the outer shell and its fibers are often woven into popular handicrafts. Unfortunately for those seeking to make use of this special fruit, the coconut is only found at the very top of the towering tree, and hence such individuals would do well to consider the difficulty of their task.
The long spindling reeds of the willow are frequently seen hanging down delicately in the air like drooping threads of green silk and satin as the plant sways gently in the wind, ameliorating the harsh glare of the summer sun as a cooling distraction to the weary traveler. The branches may appear fragile from this graceful dance, but are in fact highly durable and firm. Naturally resistant to the pollution that often blights cities, the plant is an excellent choice for urban green spaces.
The long spindling reeds of the willow are frequently seen hanging down delicately in the air like drooping threads of green silk and satin as the plant sways gently in the wind, ameliorating the harsh glare of the summer sun as a cooling distraction to the weary traveler. The branches may appear fragile from this graceful dance, but are in fact highly durable and firm. Naturally resistant to the pollution that often blights cities, the plant is an excellent choice for urban green spaces.
Don't worry, your city is perfectly safe.
Bronze Age Is Coming!
Iron Age Is Coming!
Dark Age Is Coming!
Feudal Age Is Coming!3
Please join an alliance to unlock castle functions.
Stone Age Is Coming! 
Garrison Commander (Provisional)
Civilization Feature
War Frenzy
Unable to garrison because the commander is currently outside the city. Please <color=#ffa800>recall</color> this commander first.
Alliance Title
Anti-Scouting
Deceptive Troops
Economic Buffs
Military Buffse
Governor, all city buildings have reached their maximum level. The builders can finally take a break.
Build
Research
Repair
Explore
Recruit
Train$
Queue Remaining Time Is Insufficient:
Watchtower Status: <b><color=#BFBFBF>Destroyed</color></b>
Manage Reinforcements
Exploration Range
Rune
Alliance Technology
Building Speed Bonus
Kingdom Buff
Title
Reinforce an ally's city by dispatching troops to strengthen their garrison. When a city is under attack and does not have sufficient defenders, reinforcements can greatly increase its defensive capability.
1. Each governor can only dispatch one troop to help defend an ally's city.
2. A city's garrison includes its two assigned garrison commanders, all units remaining in the city, and all allied reinforcement troops.
3. Troops in a city's garrison will receive buffs from the city's garrison commanders.
4. When reinforcements are <color=#ffA800ff>attacked by enemy troops</color>, <color=#ffA800ff>half of their severely wounded units will die instantly</color>.
Special Theme
Street Lamp (Modern)
Street Light (Antique)
Vase
Stone Censer
Brazier
Fountain
Turkey Sculpture
Special Event Decoration (Thanksgiving 2018)
This dazzling sculpture is a testament to those wonderful Thanksgiving days its owner spent feeding a turkey corncobs. Hard work really does pay off!&
I raised this thing from a baby chick!
Push back the night
Dawn comes early
Full of fragrant bouquets 
Wisps of incense perfume the air
Warm coals for weary travelers
Highly ornamental waterscape
God said, "Let there be light!", and there was light. From bonfires to oil lamps, humans have explored countless ways to brighten their world, and while doing so have learned to see further into the darkness.
The earliest lights were bonfires lit by our ancient ancestors. Their dancing sparks burned deep into the hearts of men and drove us to explore our dark world. Those fires have long since gone out, but their light will never be extinguished.
The moon is round, the flowers sweet; let all good things draw near! A great author once said: "Beauty is the result of serendipitous intimacy." Place an exquisite vase like this in your city and beauty will come to you!
This censer is like a mountain peak rising up out of the sea, encircled by concentric rings of fragrant, unseen smoke. Just a hint of that heavenly aroma is enough to put your mind at ease and set your heart to rest.
These bright coals are a memory of that first flame, stolen by Prometheus, which brought benevolent warmth to the bitter, frozen earth. Stare into the eternal fire, let it guide your thoughts, and find inner peace.
The fountain's falling droplets shine like jewels in the air; men with wishes on their minds cast coins of fortune there. The intricate carvings decorating this fountain's surface symbolize the countless dreams it has seen come true.
Christmas Tree
Special Event Decoration (Christmas 2018)
O Christmas tree, O Christmas tree,
How lovely are thy branches!
Not only green when summer's here
But in the coldest time of year.
O Christmas tree, O Christmas tree,
How lovely are thy branches!
Check out all my ornaments!
Elegant Christmas Tree
Special Event Decoration (Christmas 2018)
O Christmas tree, O Christmas tree,
Thy candles shine out brightly!
Each bough doth hold its tiny light,
That makes each toy to sparkle bright.
O Christmas tree, O Christmas tree,
Thy candles shine out brightly!1
Who knew so many ornaments could fit on one tree?
Lucky Lion,
Special Event Decoration (Spring Festival 2019)
The lion dance is the traditional way to celebrate the arrival of spring and the start of a new year. Performers work together in pairs, dancing with the grace and skill of martial arts masters. May these dancing lions bring great fortune to your city!
Beauty and power incarnate
City Editor
Layout In Use 
Your city layout has been saved.
EMPTY
EDIT
COPY
APPLY
Layout Copied&
Choose a slot to copy selected layout.
Replace Layout:
Are you sure you want to replace your current city layout?
Edit Mode
Delete Mode
Roads Only
Remove All
Level {p1}
Move All
Screenshot Mode
Save Layout
Finish Later
Remove Structures/
Are you sure you want to remove all structures?
Cannot copy empty layout.H
You must finishing building all non-decorative structures before saving.(
Please finish editing city layout first.
Cancel EditB
Are you sure you want to abandon changes and exit the city editor?D
More of these structures are available in the city editor inventory.M
Go to the city editor inventory to select and build more of these structures.
Bed of Roses
Special Event Decoration (Valentine's Day 2019)
That which we call a rose by any other word would smell as sweet
and have just as many thorns. Remember kids, rose beds are for looking at, not sleeping on!%
Fragrant roses bring love to everyone
UNFINISHED
Select a layout to edit._
You must first finish this layout before it can be used to replace the layout currently in use.+
Cannot jump to target while in city editor.
Flower Arch%
Entrance to a springtime dreamland...L
Special Event Decoration (Spring 2019) 
Spring symbolizes the resilience of life and the start of a new year. When the flowers bloom, the grass turns green, and warblers begin to sing, you'll know for sure that spring is here. This flower arch will bring the eternal warmth of spring to your city, even on the coldest winter nights.
Carnation Bouquet
Special Event Decoration (Mother's Day 2019)
My mother sewed this cloak I wear about me now, stitch by stitch, late into the night, fearing that my journey would take me to distant, bitter climes. Each loop of thread a sweet embrace, each rise and fall of the needle a gentle kiss. She is the eternal springtime sun, warming the earth with her radiance. I am a meager blade of grass, raised up by her nourishing light. I can never repay her, but I will always love her.&
A gift dedicated to the great mothers!
Crusader's Might
Past Glory
Alliance Skill
Midsummer Steps
Dance the summer's heat away!
When the first winds of summer breeze through blooming flowers, ribbons of blue and yellow can often be found rippling among greenery. People join hands underneath the wooden pillar of life, dancing in circles to express their reverence of the land and their hopes for prosperity. On this never-ending midsummer day, there is no need for formality 
 only laughter and the fragrance of flowers joining in a passionate celebration of summer vibrancy.
Night Mode
Firefly Lanterns;
The beautiful lanterns burn with the prospect of true love!
Blacksmith
From our early days as hunter-gatherers to our great civilizations with their castles and siege weapons, humanity has always been creating and improving upon their tools, equipment, and weapons. With a blacksmith shop, all manner of equipment will be available for you to forge, from hearty breastplates to swords so sharp the air itself might bleed. It's time to build yourself a blacksmith and forge some amazing equipment for your commanders! Send them into battle with glorious weapons and armor!2
Lights like fireflies emanate a warm glow from within, gently illuminating the lantern. The lantern's warmth is a glow like the affection shared between lovers. The cowherd and the weaver meet on the magpie bridge, looking at the beautiful lanterns, a beauty which pales in comparison to that of true love.
MATERIAL PRODUCTION 
MATERIAL & BLUEPRINT COMBINATION
FORGE
DISMANTLEP
1. The blacksmith can produce 15 materials used to forge equipment every 3 hours.
2. Governors can queue up any 5 materials to be produced. The blacksmith shop will produce them in the order set.
3. After a material is produced, it must be claimed manually.
4. Produced materials can be viewed from the Equipment page in the Items menu.
<b>FORGING</b>
1. Materials needed to forge equipment have 5 levels in total- normal, advanced, elite, epic, and legendary.
2. 4 identical materials may be crafted into a higher quality material.
3. The top material quality is legendary. The higher the material quality, the better the items it can be used to forge.
<b>MAKE BLUEPRINTS</b>
1. 30 blueprint fragments can be combined to make one complete equipment blueprint.
2. Complete blueprints can be found in the Item menu's "Equipment" page.
3. Only complete blueprints can be used to forge equipment.
4. Each equipment blueprint corresponds with a specific piece of equipment it can be used to forge.0
1. The blacksmith can produce equipment materials, combine blueprints and materials to forge equipment used by commanders, and also to dismantle equipment.
2. To forge a piece of equipment, you must spend a blueprint, a set of required materials (all of the same quality), and a small amount of gold.
3. The amount of gold and materials required to forge a piece of equipment is determined based on its type and quality.
4. If you do not have enough materials to forge, you can tap on the desired equipment's blueprint or resources to see where they can be acquired.
5. When you have all the required materials, blueprints, and gold, forging is guaranteed to succeed.
6. Once a piece of equipment has been forged, it will appear in the item menu, on the equipment page.
7. Each time you forge equipment, there is a chance that it will have an effect tied to one of the five talents (Infantry, Cavalry, Archery, Integrated, or Leadership).
8. Equipment with special talent bonuses will have their attributes enhanced by 30% when equipped by a commander with the corresponding talent. Once forged, equipment can be equipped from the commander menu.
9. A commander's equipment will not take effect when they are the secondary commander.
10. There is a {p1}% chance of crafting an item with special talent attributes during forging.
1. Most equipment can be dismantled into materials.
2. Dismantling equipment will not return any blueprints used to forge it.
3. Equipment blueprints cannot be dismantled.
4. Dismantling equipment will return a portion of the materials used to forge it.
Materials Returns Ratio
Normal quality equipment: returns 100% 
Advanced quality equipment: returns 100% 
Elite quality equipment: returns 100%
Epic quality equipment: returns 100%
Legendary quality equipment: returns 50%
Get powerful equipment here
Sweet Cake,
Work together. Play together. Grow together.
The huge party cakes are sweet and tempting, and the colorful, flying balloons are wonderful! Another year has gone by, cementing its place in my heart, turning into an immortal memory! Let us celebrate this anniversary together!
DISMANTLING MATERIALS
1. The opposite of combining, you can dismantle 1 equipment material to get 4 materials of lower quality.
2. Dismantling costs gold.
3. Normal quality materials cannot be dismantled.
4. Dismantled materials will always produce the same type of material (but of lower quality).
Winter's PrideI
The petals of the snow lotus are the purest white, as though infused with winter itself. The bards sing of its beauty with a mournful longing, a symbol of purity and beauty. They grow in isolation upon high, nigh-unreachable cliffs where it snows year-round. Their grandeur is typically witnessed only by the sun, moon, and wind./
The holy flower blooms quietly in the deep cold
Jack-O'-Frighten
Quinx!
On a brightly lit Halloween night, a group of children jumped up and down in front of a doorway, happily cheering, "Trick or Treat!" The home's owner quickly dropped a handful of candy into their cloth bags. They're dressed as ghosts and goblins, but they're still much cuter than me. Ever since I was sealed in this tree, only the Jack-O-Lanterns will hug me. Even then, they're probably just using me for a place to hang. Brother Candle used to talk to me, but his life was all too short. All in all, I'm a little ghost who wants candy, too...?
With an eagle's wings, it can traverse the vast universe; with the brain of a lion, everything light and darkness touches is for it to rule. People will entrust all of their hopes into this strange beast, using devout praying to get them to come to fruition, and bestowing it with an awesome and majestic name -- Quinx.&
A magnificent sculpture fit for a king
Pumpkin pie, anyone? (cackle)
Good health, bountiful harvest
Amalthea's horns contain nutrients for her growth that flow openly from the points. The sweet smell of fruit and flowers exudes from them and infects the air with jubilation. Travelers from the four corners of the earth eagerly await the Cornucopia's call to return home
Cornucopia
Ishtar Gate
Babylon's majestic grandeur
Named after the Babylonian goddess Ishtar, its glazed bricks glow with brilliant radiance under the sun. Golden animals sculpted in low relief symbolize Babylon's culture and beliefs: When the goddess Ishtar makes her return, the world shall awaken once more.
Snow Pal(
Dancing snowflakes under the wintry sun.H
Under the wintry sun, the snowman gives each passerby a welcoming smile.
Swan Lake
Songs of pure love and joy.p
As the swans touch, their act of true love shall break the evil curse and give them a happy ending they deserve.
Sakura Tree
Sakura Tree"
Spring blossoms of pink and white.!
Bloomings of unfathomable beauty.~
The cherry blossom is a general term for several species of the genus Prunus, which includes over 300 varieties. The Japanese cherry, also known as the sakura, is very well-known for their white and pink flowers that bloom in the spring. The admiration and viewing of such bloomings is a tradition known as "hanami", and is usually associated with drinking wine under a sakura tree.~
The cherry blossom is a general term for several species of the genus Prunus, which includes over 300 varieties. The Japanese cherry, also known as the sakura, is very well-known for their white and pink flowers that bloom in the spring. The admiration and viewing of such bloomings is a tradition known as "hanami", and is usually associated with drinking wine under a sakura tree.
Statue of Sphinx
Harvest Goddess Statue#
Who shall solve the silent riddles?A
O beautiful goddess we pray thee, bless us with favorable weather
The statue knelt in silence for thousands of years, withstanding all tests of time. No one knows who built it nor when it first appeared. Perhaps when the secrets behind its riddles are finally revealed, the sphinx will become a bringer of infinite wisdom.-
A statue of a lady buried under the desert for thousands of years. Her elegant limbs and magnificent golden crown remain visible still to this day, although her face has long withered away. Her wings depict humanity's yearning for flight, and to local natives, she is the bringer of bountiful harvest.
Camp Technology
Solar Glory/Lunar Glory
Oracle
Blessing of Osiris
Acacia of Yearning 
Distance makes the heart fonder.?
Yearning and desire coalesce into the form of an Acacia, with blossoms as passionate as fire. The lovesick ones lace on red ribbons of silk, beseeching their lovers to come home. On a night of raging winds and rain, petals fall and ribbons dribble as some lovers finally make their return, while some lovers never will.
Golden Deer Statue
The awe of nature
A golden deer tucked away in nature, with its majestic and elegant horns gleaming in sunlight, deemed as the holiest animal of all by the goddess Artemis.
Cradle of Dreams
Swing in the rhythm of springf
Spring is a perfect season for swings. Flowers fragrance the air as children laugh in the calm breeze.
Lyceum of Wisdom+
It is time to get acquainted with the world1
The Lyceum of Wisdom is a haven with the most advanced knowledge of its time. Travelers from across the land gather here to exchange privileged information. The most prestigious and influential figures often come to share their wisdom, in hopes of advancing civilization, and advancing mankind as a whole.
Tea Pavilion(
A secluded place to drink refreshing tea
The warm air wafts above cypress evergreens as the tea's bitter pleasures brings past sweetness to mind. Cries of birds call you to distant realms as time appears to slow...
Smiling Bayon$
A smiling temple to comfort the soulH
In Angkor Wat, 49 giant towers carved with Buddha faces were fashioned after the smiling complexion of King Jayavarman VII, according to legend. Nothing escapes their gaze nor interrupts their communion with eternity. Although now somewhat worn by the passage of time, much remains to inspire onlookers with a sense of serenity.
Mini Pyramid
A guardian of the desert
The shimmering brilliance of Ancient Egypt's carved walls presents a most peculiar sight, testament to the wealth and stature of this mysterious civilization. What secrets of history remain hidden beneath the windy sands? The pyramids stand silently, veils that will never be lifted.
Kite
Yearning for the skyw
The kite flies in the sky, making acquaintance with the clouds. Kites have been a symbol of our hopes and dreams since ancient times. The higher they go, the closer we feel to making our wishes come true. We send our hearts up to the heavens, wondering when we will understand. But more importantly, is our kite string about to get tangled with that of the person next to us?
Kingdom Newspaper
Golden Statue
Lion Pool
Trajan Fountain$
The embodiment of wisdom and resolve
Fit for a King
Ephesus Memoriale
Legend has it that the God of Wisdom came to the world to see the troubles of humanity first-hand. Taking the form of an elephant, he refrained from using his divine magic regardless of what trouble he got into until he successfully reascended to the heavens. People around the world create golden statues to worship this god praying for wisdom and success.
Several elaborate carvings of lions are etched into the bottom of this pool. The King of Beasts is a common theme for decoration here. In the Court of the Lions, the main courtyard of Alhambra Palace, there is a regal presence which cannot be ignored.
A fountain made to resemble the Fountain of Trajan in the ancient city of Ephesus. While it may be a replica, the design and detail are still exquisite. Legend has it that a statue of Trajan served as its centerpiece. Perhaps he never wanted to leave this beautiful creation.
Midsummer Pillar
Summertime Hopes
Pick the most colorful flowers to add a touch of color to the green leaves. A delicate ribbon, tied to life's hope for the summer. Sunshine nurtures growing life. During the summer, we are all children of the sun. Come, let us drink, laugh, and dance hand in hand.
Festival Campground
Come join the party!
People dance to the beat of the surging drums. Standing at the door, you can feel the waves of happiness
who doesn't love a party? Let's forget all our troubles and worries, and devote this day to fun!
Free Equipment Chest
Pavilion of Inner Peace
A quiet summer retreat
When the birds are singing, napping amidst the pavilion flowers is a great way to cut the summer heat. Picking up a book, the quiet, comfortable afternoon passes slowly with each word you read.
Crystal Mine
Work the mines to get Crystals>
This cannot be built until the Season of Conquest has started.
Hourly Crystal Production
Max Crystal Production
This land contains an amazing number of Crystal deposits. In order to fully understand their properties, we collected some rough Crystals for preliminary research. They are extremely hard, and can be used to strengthen armor by grinding them into powder and working them into metal. With a Crystal Mine, we can acquire Crystals with greater efficiency. With some additional research, it may also bring us other benefits.m
This land has mines full of rare Crystals. Any unused Crystals will be removed after the Lost Kingdom closes.
Working the Mines
Work
Cancel Work?
Are you sure you want to stop working your Crystal Mine? Once the work is canceled, you will only be refunded 50% of the resource cost.
After the Season of Conquest has ended, the system will remove all Crystal Mines and reset their levels. Crystal Mines can be built anew next Season.
No Crystal items available.
Crystal Research Center
Unlock unique technologies
In order to continue our research, we need to build a research center. One researcher had an interesting thought: Are these Crystals the reasons our ancestors fought so hard to explore and occupy the area? From our current findings, we cannot yet prove this one way or the other. Judging from our research so far, however, we are certain that the Crystals can help us make further improvements to many existing technologies.
Crystal Research Cost ReductionC
After the Season ends, your Crystal Mine will be reset and removed.N
After the Season ends, your Crystal Research Center will be reset and removed.
Research Reward
Crystal Technologies
Lacquered Archway
A Memorial of Time
The archway has been a traditional and meaningful part of architecture since China's Zhou Dynasty. Generally speaking, an archway stands in memory of the outstanding deeds of the era in which it was built, so most archways have their own stories. Time flies, and many stories fade as generations pass from young to old, but the mottled traces on the archway always tell of ages long past.
Since ancient times, lacquered roof tiles have been a symbol of splendor. The poets have always proudly described the sight: an isolated city of the northwest, where tall, gorgeous buildings with gleaming green tiles. The use of these beautiful lacquered tiles was strictly regulated: different colors represent different directions and elements. Bearing this in mind, colors had to be chosen carefully based on the status and needs of the building's owner.
Pumpkin Cauldron
That smells enchanting!n
On Halloween, a strange, pumpkin-shaped cauldron appeared near the city wall. Whatever was brewing inside smelled amazing, drawing a huge crowd of curious, fascinated citizens. To maintain order, we have had to move the cauldron and post a guard. Surprisingly, the guard seemed to have disappeared out of thin air just a few hours later! Could it be... After a thorough search, we found him in the field of a farm. He was unkempt and unconscious, plucking out the leaves and branches of the crops, muttering to himself over and over again: "To taste or not to taste? To taste or not to taste? To taste or not to taste...?"
 Bastions
Armillary Sphere
Your gateway to the universe
The armillary sphere is a sophisticated instrument that is used to track and display the movement of celestial bodies. The earliest known armillary spheres were created around the same time in two ancient societies: by Eratosthenes in Ancient Greece, and by Luoxia Hong in China's Western Han Dynasty. Generations later, Zhang Heng of the Eastern Han Dynasty built on the work of his predecessors, casting a copper armillary sphere which moved using hydraulic power. This copper-cast armillary sphere is equipped with two water clocks. The movements of the water within these clocks push the instrument to rotate at a slow, controlled speed. This was a major contribution to the field of astronomy at the time.
SHARE LAYOUT
Throne of Power
A Chapter of Blood and Fire{
"Power" shines on the surface, protected silently in the shadows with cruelty. Here, it takes the form of an ornate golden throne forged in blood and fire. Regardless of whether it was that of a brave warrior or a vicious tyrant, they all died to preserve it, their names fading to dust at its feet. History, and the world, will only remember the name of the last to sit upon it.
Wobble Gobble
Holiday Feelings
Sitting atop this dinner table, the turkey is certainly one of the main characters. Onions, lemon, thyme and garlic are all essential, delicious seasonings to fill the turkey's belly. Basted in butter, and dusted with a dash of pepper, all it needs now is to be properly stuffed, then it can be roasted together with the side dishes! Night falls, and we light the lamps. As friends and family join together, let us enjoy this delicious feast!
BASIC
PLANTS
OTHER
LIMITED5
You have no limited-edition decorations at this time.
Burning Time: {p1}
Friendly Fish Pond
Serene HappinessW
The fish seem completely at peace as they swim happily in the water. The clear, sparkling dewdrops dripping from the lotus and bamboo bring a freshness to their pool. The moss-covered statues radiate peace and stability. From their gazes and gentle smiles, they seem to love watching over the fish, and any other visitors who cross their path.
Christmas Journey!
The Snowmen's Christmas Adventure
"Thank you for sending all the snowflakes! The hot air balloon is very convenient, but we always get so sweaty! What do you think Santa Claus will give us? Other snowmen claim to have overheard humans saying that Spring is the greatest gift the world could ever hope for. Could Santa give us that, too? In that case, I'll tell all the other snowmen to wish for Spring this year! Also, Merry Christmas! If Santa gives me Spring for Christmas, I'll be sure to share it with you!"
Golden Ox Lantern
Lucky Year of the OxT
A bright, dazzling lantern depicting a golden ox, to help more literally welcome the Year of the Ox. In China's early Southern Dynasty, the city of Nanjing had already begun a tradition of lantern ceremonies. In these ancient folk traditions, people would light lanterns as a way of sending prayers and wishes to the gods. Gradually, these formal ceremonies became more of a fun tradition. Families would go out together at night to watch the moon, light lanterns and have fun together with other holiday events. When you are surrounded by colorful lanterns, you know the new year is coming soon.
Receivable Resources/Day
Receivable Resources/Day
1. Due to limited trading post capacity, Governors in their home kingdom can receive up to {p1} resources per day.
2.After entering the Lost Kingdom, this daily resource limit changes to {p2}.
Guardian Anubis
Guardian of the Dead
Contrary to the aggressive appearance of his wolf head, Anubis is a protector and guardian of the underworld. Because the dead were often buried along the banks of the Nile river, Anubis is thought to be the same color as the river's fertile black silt. Anubis was worshipped as one of the most important gods until around 2000-1700 BCE, when his "position" was taken by Osiris. But even as late as around 30 BCE, murals would depict Anubis holding the hands of the dead, guiding them to Osiris.
Guide Anubis
Guide Anubis
Judge of Souls
In addition to serving as guardian of the underworld, Anubis was depicted as a guide for souls from 664-332 BCE. When people died, Anubis would guide their souls from the land of the living to the afterlife. In the "Papyrus of Ani" by Hunefer, it is said that Anubis was responsible for weighing the hearts of the dead. If their hearts were lighter than an ostrich feather, they would be welcomed into heaven. Otherwise, their souls would be devoured by the beastly goddess Ammit.
1st Forge
2nd Forge
3rd Forge
4th Forge
5th Forge
Town Hall Treasure
Town Hall Treasure
The highlight of any collection
Unique. Priceless. These words are accurate, but it is the mysterious, unknown history of the "Town Hall Treasure" that makes it so awe-inspiring. No one knows exactly which age it dates back to, or what its life was like. But one has to imagine its feet got sore!
Fairy Harp#
Pure, unaltered, fantastical music.
They are the epic love songs of legend, the soft touch of Apollo, the pleading of Orpheus. Occasionally it may sing such a song whilst sitting amidst the swirling water and scent of gardenia. All it needs to guard the kingdom of the gods for eternity is a single chord from its harp.
Gaze of Horus
Falcon of Guardianship`
A symbol of guardianship and kingly authority, Horus of Egyptian mythology is perhaps a natural object of worship in uncertain times. Many a weary traveler has paused by his magnificent statue to marvel at its gold and precious gems, but should take heed to refrain from gazing overlong into its eyes - that is said to result in the curse of confusion.
1. The blacksmith can produce equipment materials, combine blueprints and materials to forge equipment used by commanders, and also dismantle equipment.
2. To forge a piece of equipment, you must spend a blueprint, a set of required materials (all of the same quality), and a small amount of gold.
3. The amount of gold and materials required to forge a piece of equipment is determined based on its type and quality.
4. If you do not have enough materials to forge, you can tap on the desired equipment's blueprint or resources to see where they can be acquired.
5. When you have all the required materials, blueprints, and gold, forging is guaranteed to succeed.
6. Once a piece of equipment has been forged, it will appear in the item menu, on the equipment page.
7. Each time you forge equipment, there is a chance that it will have an effect tied to one of the six talents (Infantry, Cavalry, Archery, Integrated, Leadership, or Engineering).
8. Equipment with special talent bonuses will have their attributes enhanced by 30% when equipped by a commander with the corresponding talent. Once forged, equipment can be equipped from the commander menu.
9. A commander's equipment will not take effect when they are the secondary commander.
10. When you forge the same piece of equipment multiple times, your chance of gaining a special talent bonus is as follows (the number of times you've forged will get reset after you gain a special talent bonus):4
You can only repair again once the cooldown is over./
You don't have enough space for this structure.
Summer Lights
Warm Flower Lamps of Summer]
There's nothing quite like the colorful umbrellas of summer to remind one of its joyful pleasures, dancing fireflies, or noisy insects as lanterns flutter about in the warm breeze. I can almost make out the face of a figure in the flickering nighttime illuminations: is it a vision of lovers holding hands? or a bespectacled scholar waiting in hope?o
Are you sure you want to stop upgrading {p1}? Only 50% of resources and items consumed will be returned to you.
Sobek the Crocodile God
Sobek the Dignified
A statue of the Egyptian crocodile god Sobek who, according to legend, could wield the four different celestial powers at his fingertips: the fire of the sun god Ra, the wind of the air god Shu, the ground of the earth god Gebu, and the waters of the underworld god Osiris.
Sobek the Protector
Sobek the Solemn1
The mysterious God Sobek played an important role in Egyptian history according to the ancient "Book of the Dead", and prominently recorded across many of Egypt's ancient temples. He shepherded the young Horus and helped to restore the god-king to his throne upon adulthood, uniting upper and lower Egypt.
To The Stars&
Set sail for the great ocean of stars!
The golden anchor shines under the brilliance of a thousand stars. We testify to our determination as we hoist sails! Let's embark on the unknown with hope for the next chapter of our great journey!
Crystal Research Cost
Bastion Quest Crystal Gain
Damage to Barbarians
Standing Bronze Figurine+
A magnificent bronze artifice for the ages.
An ornate crown has been bestowed atop this regal spirit alongside flowing robes upon an elephantine square pillar. Behold a captain of magic with hands waved and expression stern as a symbol perhaps of the nation's might.
Bronze Flower and Bird$
A bellbird sings on the sacred tree.
This bronze bird with a bell is a square ornament with feathered crown, hooked beak and lifelike peacock feathers covered in a sacred colorful pattern.
Mirror Cat#
A cat spirit with its magic mirror.
Long after the moonlight has gone and mist enshrouds the withered vines with ethereal scent may a magic mirror be seen in the enchanted place which, illuminated by the candlelight of a hardy adventurer, glows upon the activation of its symbols. Beware the black cat that leaps therefrom with all the arrogance of the spirit world. Stay home tonight, stranger, or keep your wits about you.
Kaleidawheel
A time to rest amid abundance
Oranges and golds bathe the nearby walls and streets with bobbing lights against the festive atmosphere and maple leaves. The wheel turns in the background, reminding us of the cyclical nature of the seasons.
Blessed Journey#
It carries Christmas wishes of kidsY
Snowflakes dance in the air as if in correspondence to a child's dream, forming snowmen of snowflakes and smoothing the passage of great sleighs filled with such things as to satisfy dreams. Away the sleigh flies, across mountains and reflective lakes, beyond lanterns and many more items besides. One lantern remains, however, to guide passage.
Phoenix Lotus Throne
Colorful Phoenix Villau
The king of birds, a phoenix only rests upon the mightiest of trees or, if perched within a courtyard, in the courtyard of the mightiest king or queen.
The kingdom's finest craftsmen have created this elegant phoenix and floral-themed lamp during Spring and New Year preparations. This ornate lantern is sure to add a dash of the "celestial" to a governor's festive events.
Museum
A place to showcase Relics
Enter the "Museum" for a trip back through time to the epochs and empires of days long gone and their rich heritage, much of it well preserved after millennia. More than mere relics, these artifacts are like a mirror to ancient worlds in some ways similar to and yet unlike our own, full of their own troubles and calamities, joys and blessings. May "history's eye" keep you well-informed on your own journey.O
Anubis's Scales of Judgment, which balance hearts against the Feather of Truth.
Scales of Anubis
The Scales of Anubis, also known as the Scales of Judgment. On one end stands the ostrich feather of Maat, symbolizing truth and justice; on the other, the heart of the person to be judged. If the feather is heavier, then that person is judged innocent, and rewarded with eternal life. But if their heart is heaver, then they are deemed guilty, with their heart devoured whole by a monster.
Only those without fear and with a clear conscience dare place their hearts upon the Scales of Anubis.
Floral Ornament
Fragrant flowers erupt from the earth once thick with frost. A gentle breeze carries sweethearts' whispers into the spring sunlight. As spring approaches, lovers appear as if on cue, offering garlands in tribute to the god of spring, praying for blessings in the days to come. That said, they have not been as numerous lately; some say it is because careless flower-pickers disturbed a hive of angry bees.!
Nothing is so beautiful as spring
Bunny Blessings
Herald of Love and Beauty
Spring's delicate touch spreads joy and merriment through the land. Of course, the bunnies can't help but join the celebrations. There's no greater sight than sunshine in spring. And hidden in the corners, hope shines as bright as the sun.
REPAIR ON CD
Battle Restrictions
Viking Wind
Face the waves without fear
This is the oar that cuts through the seas, filled with the anger and pride of the wind, sailing towards the dawn.
The ocean will swallow those who fear her, leaving only the brave. Navigate the waves, and your safe return will be your badge of honor.
Brocaded Carriage!
A float of dreams and celebration
An exquisite carriage of fine cushions, delightful floral aromas, and a ceiling engraved with lucky charms of precious sapphire. Step on to let the coachman take you into a world of celebration.
State Forum
Get armaments here.
The State Forum is an important center of city administration from the dispatch of troops to municipal development. The Forum is also responsible for organizing governors' travel across the breadth of events and people your region has to offer. Do well here and your city shall surely reap the rewards.
Unlock Feature
Unlock Travel
Unlock Dispatches
Daily Travel Chances
Daily Dispatch Chances
Major Dispatch Chance$
No longer receive Sage's Testimonies
Luminous Mandjet*
Ra's golden vessel heralds the dawning sun
At dawn, Ra, the creator of all things, sails skywards in his gleaming Mandjet, bathing the world in gold. At the apex of his voyage he begins to journey downwards in his Mesektet, giving way to the silence of night. As the sun rises and sets, the faithful sing devotions to the merciful lord of light. The Mandjet brings hope in its inevitability, never failing to dispel the darkness.
Gathering Restricted
(Game Rebalancing)
(Game Rebalancing)L
1. The blacksmith can produce equipment materials, combine blueprints and materials to forge equipment used by commanders, and also dismantle equipment.
2. To forge a piece of equipment, you must spend a blueprint, a set of required materials (all of the same quality), and a small amount of Gold.
3. The amount of Gold and materials required to forge a piece of equipment is determined by its type and quality.
4. If you do not have enough materials to forge, you can tap on the desired equipment's blueprint or required resources to see where they can be acquired.
5. When you have all the required materials, blueprints, and Gold, forging is guaranteed to succeed.
6. Once a piece of equipment has been forged, it will appear in the item menu, on the equipment page.
7. Each time you forge equipment, there is a chance that it will have an effect tied to one of the five talents (Infantry, Cavalry, Archery, Integrated, or Leadership).
8. Equipment with special talent bonuses will have their attributes enhanced by 30% when equipped by a commander with the corresponding talent. Once forged, equipment can be equipped from the commander menu.
9. A commander's equipment will not take effect when they are the secondary commander.
10. When you forge the same piece of equipment multiple times, the chance of gaining a special talent bonus is as follows:#
Garrison building after it is built
Pillars of TimeH
Perched atop its lofty roost, the eagle has witnessed the tides of time.
The vicissitudes of time have done little to weather the stately beauty of these stone pillars. They have nested goshawks, stood tall under the weight of centuries, and witnessed empires rise and fall. Ancient musicians wrote elegies to the temple that once stood behind it, and it's said you can still hear the melodies when the wind passes through its archways.
Even if these stones could speak, they would only sigh.
Garrison Commanders
Unlocked at Wall Lvl {p1}*
You have not configured garrison plan {p1}#
Please assign a garrison commander.
Lady of War,
Some fight for land, some fight for justice.
A steadfast figure stands tall and dignified, her solemn face betraying no fear. If weapons can convey history, every notch on her spear speaks of another victory. If statues can convey virtues, every inch of her metal-cast frame shines with strength and wisdom. As night falls, she maintains her vigil, gazing out into the dark unknown. Neither enemies within nor without can escape her watchful gaze; neither invasion nor storm can break the walls of the city she has sworn to defend.
Goddess of War)
She trades faith for strength and wisdom.
Divine power in her piercing eyes, fresh blood on her tack-sharp spear. With her spear pointed forward, she could split the Milky Way itself in twain, leading her warriors through the open doors of victory. She has the strength to protect all who honor her, and the power to destroy all who would dishonor her. Yet it is her wisdom that truly distinguishes her, the wisdom to shape the future and overcome all obstacles. She is the everlasting goddess of war, who knows neither defeat nor equal.
Not In City
Unusable
1. You can select commanders to defend the walls of your city and command your garrison. When your city is attacked, your garrison commanders will lead your garrison in defending your city. Your city's garrison includes your two garrison commanders and all the units currently in your city (including reinforcements from your allies).
2. Buffs from your garrison commanders will stack with your city's existing buffs.
3. As you level up your Wall, you will be able to set up combinations of garrison commanders as "garrison plans". When your city is attacked, if one of your selected garrison commanders is unavailable (e.g. due to being outside of your city), your city will fall back to the next available garrison plan.
4. If you have not selected any garrison commanders, or all the garrison plans you set up are unavailable, the highest-level commander currently in your city will be <color=#ffA800ff>automatically assigned</color> as a <color=#ffA800ff>temporary</color> garrison commander. The temporary garrison commander will remain in place until you manually replace them or one of your selected garrison commanders returns to your city.
5. If your garrison and Watchtowers are all defeated, your Wall will start to burn, gradually losing Durability. If your Wall's Durability drops to 0, your city will be automatically teleported to one of the outermost provinces of your kingdom. If you are in the Lost Kingdom, you will be teleported to one of the outermost provinces of your home kingdom.
No Garrison Commander
Tiger Tallyd
One half goes to the sovereign, the other to the minister. Together, they embody ultimate authority.H
In ancient China, tallies, or "fu", were used as a symbol of authorization. Tiger tallies like these were most often used to authorize military maneuvers, dating back to at least the Warring States period. In that era, the various petty sovereigns ruling over China all used similar systems to command their armies.
Currently displayed in the Shaanxi History Museum, this Warring States-era bronze tiger tally bears an inscription on both halves. The right half would normally be held by the emperor, while the left would be held by the military governor of Du county. If the governor wished to dispatch more than 50 soldiers, he would need to receive the right half from the emperor. Possessing both halves acted as proof that he had received imperial authorization. In times of emergency, however, such formalities were sometimes ignored.
Lvl {p1} Watchtower
Wintertide Watchman,
Come sleet or snow, I stand my wintry vigil.
Over the years, you learn to filter out life's mundane wonders, like the warmth of the winter sun or the scent of spring breezes. You learn to take beauty for granted, like the feeling of your dog's fur under your fingers, or the joy of seeing a loved one's laughter. And you learn to forget things that once seemed paramount, like the name of your favorite tin soldier, who for your entire childhood stood his faithful vigil, guarding the gates of your bedroom from any who might invade.
Aquila I0
In the name of Jupiter Victor, strike them down!A
The eagle was a symbol of the strength of Jupiter (AKA Jove), king of the Roman pantheon. An eagle with outstretched wings, known as an "aquila" (Latin for eagle), served as the emblem and standard for many Roman legions. Each legion protected their aquila with their lives, and losing it was considered a great dishonor.
Aquila II0
In the name of Jupiter Victor, strike them down!
Cityscape#
Enter a layout ID or governor ID...X
Visit the <color=#2099b7><href={}>community</href></color> to find more amazing layouts."
You are viewing {p1}'s city layout
REACT
SHARE
USE(
Select the layout you want to overwrite.B
This layout cannot be recovered after being overwritten. Continue?
Checkout*
Choose which unowned buildings to purchase3
The following unowned buildings cannot be purchased
Total Cost
No results foundA
The eagle was a symbol of the strength of Jupiter (AKA Jove), king of the Roman pantheon. An eagle with outstretched wings, known as an "aquila" (Latin for eagle), served as the emblem and standard for many Roman legions. Each legion protected their aquila with their lives, and losing it was considered a great dishonor.
Altar of Mars and Venus
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Southwest from the Piazzale delle Corporazioni, in the ancient Roman port of Ostia, there stands a small, quiet shrine. In the middle of this shrine lies a marble altar, tempered
but not broken
by time.
The corners of the base are capped with intricate stone ram heads, and its sides are carved into reliefs depicting the gods. The symbols and figures recount vivid tales, ranging from the founding of Rome to a divine wedding.
What inscriptions remain on the altar indicate that it was dedicated at least two times. The earliest dates back to the time of Emperor Hadrian, showing just how long this altar has connected the people of Rome to their gods.
Faravahar!
My spirit flies on wings of gold.
It has stood in the palaces of kings and emperors, heard the thunder of war and the song of peace. The passage of time has mottled the stone, but the image of the faravahar stands proud in all its khvarenah. The faithful whisper their praises here in the morning light, praying for the uplifting of the soul and the protection of Ahura Mazda. Though these carved wings cannot fly, their wingbeats have echoed across the course of history.
{p1}'s Layout%
Check out this new layout I designed!
Official
UPLOAD
VIEW 
The shortest path to peace? War.
Victory nears!
Heed the woodpecker's song.)
The fires of war bring light to darkness.(
Victory grants life, defeat means death.#
The dice of fate are yours to cast.
Love comes in many flavors."
Mankind seeks joy, yet fears duty.&
In true love lies the greatest wisdom.
I long for the sounds of Rome.&
Injustice shall be smote with thunder!
This city is under my aegis.*
Will I witness another empire without end?-
Neglect neither domestic nor foreign affairs.
What legacy will you leave?"
Layout number copied to clipboard.
City layout applied.
Resource Gathering Speed
Master of Waves
Full speed ahead!
First appearing in around the 18th century, the geometric beauty known as the "ship's wheel" has helped countless vessels catch the easterlies and brave the westerlies.
Today, they have become an iconic symbol of sailing itself, a loyal and constant friend to mariners across the world.
So lower the mainsail and man the helm, cap'n! Lead us across far-off seas and on to distant shores!
Built
Garrison Plans
As you level up your Wall, you will be able to set up combinations of garrison commanders as <color=#ffa800>garrison plans</color>. 
When your city is attacked, if one of your selected garrison commanders is <color=#ffa800>unavailable</color> (e.g. due to being outside of your city), your city will fall back to the <color=#ffa800>next available garrison plan</color>.
Merrygami&
Lights dance beneath sheaves of white.
With a fold here and an incision there... a sheaf of blank paper becomes a snow-capped fir. A white star perches on its apex, overseeing its little kingdom of festive ornaments. Light from a little lamp weaves through the lattices, throwing shadows to every corner of the room.
Winter is near, and the moon is but a sliver in the sky tonight. Wait out the long dark by the gentle glow of a dream that never melts.
Bronze Ding Vessel%
A supreme vessel of sovereign majestyy
The ding vessel, a symbol of ancient Chinese civilization, traces its origins to the Stone Age and carries the torch of cultural legacy. Not merely a cooking vessel, it stood as a symbol of power and faith, witnessing China's many periods of prosperity and decline. Through the tides of history, the vessel's solemn presence narrates the splendor and mystique of ancient China.
Ancient Stela
I am Maya, child of Otoch K'aax. Nature surges through me like a torrent, revealing to me the secrets of time and space. May my millions of descendants grow as strong and plentiful as maize; may they live long and happy lives; may they understand the universe.*
The cycle continues, the cycle never ends.
Blessings of Temperance+
Tonight is a night for quiet contemplation.
In the Islamic Hijri calendar, the first crescent moon after a new moon is known as the hilal. It marks the start and end of every month, and thus it also marks the start and end of Ramadan. 
In many places across the world, people will decorate their homes and neighborhoods during Ramadan with all sorts of colorful lights, creating beautiful little galaxies far beneath the cosmos.
Auto-Explore Time
RuinS
Broken beams and pillars rise from the earth like gravestones, silent and desolate.
Makeshift Tent
This teetering tent provides a sliver of mercy in an unforgiving land. A small fire, a pile of furs, and good company are all you need to keep warm.
Dilapidated Fence<
The shadows of wild beasts peer through the collapsed rails.
Fence:
This basic fence marks the foundation of private property.
Antler Fence7
Antlers tall and sharp serve as a bulwark and boundary.O
Destroyed in an earthquake, smoke still rises from the embers in this cauldron.
Stone Cauldronb
Though cracks remain, the flame has returned. The restored cauldron bubbles and simmers with life.z
The cacophony of hammers is nowhere to be found. Where once there was labor and laughter, there is now naught but silence.
Building Info
Resource Cost
Cloud-Carved Drum)
The drumbeats roar and the banners unfurl$
This Qin war drum is raised several meters off the ground, with a crimson shell and a pure white drumhead. Carved and threaded into its surface are cloud patterns
prayers for a smooth and victorious campaign.
Now it stands here, a living testament to the history and glory it has witnessed.
1. Most equipment can be dismantled into materials.
2. Dismantling equipment will not return any blueprints used to forge it.
3. Equipment blueprints cannot be dismantled.
4. Dismantling equipment will return a portion of the materials used to forge it.
Material Return Ratios
Common Equipment: 100%
Advanced Equipment: 100%
Elite Equipment: 100%
Epic Equipment: 100%
Legendary Equipment: 50%
Legendary Equipment with a Special Talent: 100%
MonsteraQ
Its verdant stalks are adorned with auspicious patterns of blessings and fortune.'
The Monstera is a climbing, vine-like plant from the Araceae family. It has thick green stems marked with pale, crescent-shaped scars and fleshy aerial roots. Its large, heart-shaped leaves are thick, leathery, and deeply split along the edges. The plant produces yellow-white, fleshy flowers enclosed in white spathes. Its fruit is a green, column-shaped cluster. Monstera is also commonly known as the "Swiss cheese plant" due to the natural holes
or "eyes"
that develop in its foliage, resembling the holes found in Swiss cheeses like Emmental.
The Monstera is a highly adaptable plant that thrives in warm, humid environments. It can tolerate both shade and sunlight, and has some resistance to drought. Native to the tropical rainforests of Mexico, it is often used as a large, striking houseplant.F
Can be obtained by participating in the 2025 Fountain of Dreams event.*
Upgrade your Makeshift Tent to a City Hall)
Upgrade your Stone Cauldron to a Monument#
Upgrade your Antler Fence to a Wall
Flow of Time 
White waves weave a watery world
The dolphins swim towards the dawn, little Nereids weaving between the waves. Their splashes sing of the day's beginning, awakening the fish from their slumber.
This scintillating sculpture is chiseled from watery crystal, reflecting the clarity of the sea and the alacrity of the waves.
Golden Camellia6
The beauty of autumn, from the land of eternal spring.
The golden camellia is an evergreen shrub of the Camellia genus in the Theaceae family. Its leaves are leathery and oblong, lanceolate, or oblanceolate, depending on the cultivar. By far its most notable features, however, are its brilliant golden flowers. It is native to the lush evergreen forests that cover the limestone karst of southwest China and northern Vietnam. A demanding and fickle plant, the golden camellia requires warm and humid weather, well-drained soil, and moderate light to survive.
The golden camellia is difficult to transplant and does not cross-breed well with other plants, making its distinctive flowers all the more unique. For its beauty and rarity, the plant is known in China as the "queen of camellias" and the "giant panda of the plant kingdom".A
Can be obtained by participating in the Fountain of Dreams event.
Trojan Horse
The masterpiece of Athena and the doom of Ilios. This statue did what countless heroes could not
bring mighty Troy to its knees.
Refreshes In: {p1}
Lvl {p1}
Intel Refreshes
Intel Quality
Upgrade Requirements
Handle {p1} incidents
Upgrade Rewards
Telescope Upgraded
Incident Handled
Defeat Barbarians
Rewards
Marching
Gather Resources
Explore the World
On the Hunt
Explore the Cave
Defeat Mighty Enemies
Rescue Refugees
Search for Suppliesa
The villagers here have been displaced by barbarian attacks. Lead them to the safety of our city.;
An abandoned village. It might still contain some supplies.
Rescue
Search
Handle 1 incident
Just an innocent gift.
Geomcha"
A wooden wagon armed to the teeth.
Equipped with sharp blades on three sides, this Goryeo weapon proved deadly against the Khitan cavalry. Carved into the wood is a fearsome, snarling face. In battle, they are arrayed in long rows, a wall of silent sentries daring invaders to encroach.
Heliamber Production/Hour
Max Heliamber Capacity
Heliamber Production/Hour
Heliamber Production/Hour
Heliamber Production/Hour
Max Heliamber Capacity
Max Heliamber Capacity
Max Heliamber Capacity
Valor
Valor
Valor
Valor+
This incursion belongs to another governor.+
This incursion belongs to another governor.!
Telescope upgraded to Level {p1}!
Snowy Shrub
Cloaked in purest whiteA
Can be obtained by participating in the Fountain of Dreams event.m
Snow arrived like an unexpected visitor in the night, covering this bush in a soft white cloak. Occasional snowflakes fall one after another like the gentle tinkling of bells, rousing the courtyard from its slumber. This is winter's gift
the mutual embrace of verdant life and purest white. In this quiet, post-snowfall dawn, it gently announces winter's arrival.
Silvery Path
The road to a winter's taleA
Can be obtained by participating in the Fountain of Dreams event.
Last night's snowfall laid down a soft blanket that glimmers like pearls in the morning sun. The snow was not deep: just enough to cover the paving stones, tracing the outline of the road. Occasional footprints lead onward, left behind by travelers in the dawn, soon to be covered up by snow once more. It sounds crisp underfoot, but falls in a soft drumbeat from tree branches
this is the symphony of winter.
Pine Spring
Is the water pine-scented too?
With the discovery of the mighty pine beside the snow-covered street, Didi the squirrel had found a source of food that would allow her whole family to safely see out the winter. She slipped from another tree branch, leaving soft pawprints in the snow, only to discover upon approaching that several other squirrels had already made the same discovery. They carried away a gigantic pine cone, ambivalent to her sighs.
Such strength! Didi decided to leave them to it. The pine cone was large enough to feed her for the rest of her days; the smaller pine cones scattered nearby would surely be enough for both her and her family to fill their bellies. The fact that her drey was nowhere near large enough for it to fit had nothing to do with it!
Wolf's Den
Wolf's Den Aura
Match MetX
The board is just like a battlefield, where a single move may decide the outcome of war.}
The board is square and static, while its pieces are round and moving; these dichotomies govern much of the world. When skilled players sit across each other for a game, they might be moving pieces on a board, while true victory is determined thousands of miles away. The same applies to the battlefield; not only does the mightier warrior prevail, but also the worthier tactician.
Fortuitous FortuneJ
Any way the winds of fortune blow, staying content is key to a happy life.n
The water flows forth endlessly through the march of time, fickle and freeform just like fortune's favor. Instead of chasing after it, consider instead moving simply at one's own pace, just like how a waterwheel stands steady against shifting currents. This is how happiness is achieved 
 staying content with yourself, watching as the clouds roll and petals fall.
Blossom Path"
A petal-lit path of eternal springA
Can be obtained by participating in the Fountain of Dreams event.
With the gentlest hues of collected dusk, ground to dust and layered with gold, this blossom path's intricate patterns reflect golden ripples with every step, as if inviting travelers to take on a journey of dreamy serenity.
1. Most equipment can be dismantled into materials.
2. Dismantling equipment will not return any blueprints used to forge it.
3. Equipment blueprints cannot be dismantled.
4. Dismantling equipment will return a portion of the materials used to forge it.
Percentage of materials returned:
Common Equipment: 100%
Advanced Equipment: 100%
Elite Equipment: 100%
Epic Equipment: 100%
Legendary Equipment: 50%
Legendary Equipment with a Special Talent: 100%
Please note:
1. Materials used to refine Legendary equipment will not be returned.
2. 50% of materials used to awaken Legendary equipment will be returned. Iconic Crystals won't be returned.
May Bell Chimes-
When the warrior left home, a snowy bouquet was left on the window sill. The downturned petals resembled wind chimes, gently rustling with every breeze. Every morning, the warrior's family repeated the same prayer in their hearts, one that echoed the language of the May bell: the return of happiness.4
Snowy May bells silently await the warrior's return.A
Can be obtained by participating in the Fountain of Dreams event.
1. Most equipment can be dismantled into materials.
2. Dismantling equipment will not return any blueprints used to forge it.
3. Equipment blueprints cannot be dismantled.
4. Dismantling equipment will return a portion of the materials used to forge it.
Percentage of materials returned:
Common Equipment: 100%
Advanced Equipment: 100%
Elite Equipment: 100%
Epic Equipment: 100%
Legendary Equipment: 50%
Legendary Equipment with a Special Talent: 100%
Please note:
Materials used to refine Legendary equipment will not be returned.