ANCIENT ROME
CHINA
ANCIENT GREECE
The Eternal City
The Land of Silks and Sages
The Land of Many Gods
<b><size=22>Ave amicus,</size></b>
<size=10>
</size>I have always believed that expanding one's knowledge is far more important than expanding one's borders
a sentiment with which I'm sure you agree. I'm truly happy to hear that you've completed your journey to ancient Rome.
<size=10>
</size>I had hoped to hear more people speak of the wonders of Rome in the Lyceum, and thanks to you, this dream has now come true. Thank you for your interest in Roman civilization.
<size=10>
</size>I hope that our friendship, like the civilization that Rome built, shall never fade.
<b><size=22>Brave Governor,</size></b>
<size=10>
</size>I recently heard from a scholar that the academy's World Wanderer event set off a frenzied pursuit of cultural discovery across the city. Seeing you complete your journey across China makes my heart swell with pride.
<size=10>
</size>Nations and armies from across the world gather here today. Indeed, understanding the vastness of humanity is no small feat. Yet, with your ambition for knowledge, peace, and governance, I am sure the rich cultural heritage of millennia will become your greatest ally.
<size=10>
</size>May this vast land thrive under your rule, as prosperous as the Chinese nation, enduring for all eternity.
<b>Gaius Octavius</b>
I found Rome a city of bricks and left it a city of marble.Z
<b>Giotto</b>
Rome is the city of echoes, the city of illusions, and the city of yearning.k
<b>Saint Bede the Venerable</b>
When the Colosseum falls, so will Rome. When Rome falls, so will the world.*
<b>Horace</b>
Carpe diem. (Seize the day.)M
<b>Juvenal</b>
Mens sana in corpore sano. (A healthy mind in a healthy body.)
Et tu, Brute?
Five Good Emperors
Strigils
Roman Standards
Roman Crowns
Last of the Romans I
Last of the Romans II
Last of the Romans III
Legion Symbols
The History of Beards
Betrayal by a loved one
"The happiest age of mankind" 
Bathing products in ancient Rome
A friendly Roman gesture 
Crown of the "Uncrowned" Emperor
Last of the Romans I
Last of the Romans II
Last of the Romans III*
The symbol Marius chose for Rome's legions
Men's fashion in Romeq
Julius Caesar often utters this line in-game, calling back to the moment he was betrayed by someone close to him.
Five successive emperors delivered stability to the Roman Empire for nearly a hundred years. We know them today as the Five Good Emperors.{
Been rolling around in the mud or doused with the upstairs neighbor's dishwater? Use this to keep yourself clean and fresh!
There appears to be a Roman legion far off in the distance. The open hands on their standards seem like a symbol of friendship... but is that really the case?V
Ironically, the Uncrowned Emperor had multiple crowns. Which one should he wear today?
The moniker "last of the Romans" has been used to describe those who embodied the spirit of ancient Rome, even in the Empire's twilight years. With Rome's storied history, there were many people to receive this title. Do you know which commanders were known as "the last of the Romans"?
The moniker "last of the Romans" has been used to describe those who embodied the spirit of ancient Rome, even in the Empire's twilight years. With Rome's storied history, there were many people to receive this title. Do you know which commanders were known as "the last of the Romans"?
The moniker "last of the Romans" has been used to describe those who embodied the spirit of ancient Rome, even in the Empire's twilight years. With Rome's storied history, there were many people to receive this title. Do you know which commanders were known as "the last of the Romans"?
During his reforms, Gaius Marius mandated that a single animal should serve as the symbol of all Roman legions. But did everyone see things his way?E
For a citizen of ancient Rome, what was the key to being fashionable?
Let's start with Julius Caesar!
Let's start with Trajan!
Let's start with Prime Scipio Africanus!
Let's start with Julius Caesar!
"Et tu, Brute?" is a Latin phrase commonly translated as "You too, Brutus?" The quote comes from Shakespeare's play Julius Caesar, but there remains some controversy over whether Caesar actually uttered these words when he was killed.
Trajan was the second of ancient Rome's Five Good Emperors. He was given the title "Optimus" ("the best") and was one of Rome's most important commanders.
During his reign, Trajan made substantial conquests and expanded the Roman Empire to its greatest territorial extent.!
Instead of soap, ancient Romans bathed with olive oil and then used a metal tool called a "strigil" to scrape the dirt and oil off. This mosaic from an ancient Roman bath depicts a pair of slippers
, three strigils
, and the words "SALVOM LAVISSE"
, meaning "a bath is good for you."q
Rather than peace, the open hand ("manus") symbolized strength. The hand would be attached to the top of a "signum", standards carried by each of a legion's centuries (groups of 80-100 legionaries). In the mid-Republic era, the manus may have also marked the senior century in each maniple (a unit consisting of two centuries).
Engraved on the plaque below the manus was the name of the legion or cohort (groups of 6 centuries).
The units of a Roman legion were numbered (e.g. 1st Cohort). The number of silver discs ("phalarae") below the name plaque of a signum may have indicated the century's number within this system.N
Laurel Wreath: In ancient Rome, laurel wreaths were awarded during "triumphs", ceremonial parades honoring a victorious military commander. Many coins and statues depict Julius Caesar wearing one.
Civic Crown: In ancient Rome, the Civic Crown was granted to Romans who saved the lives of their fellow citizens. Julius Caesar was awarded the Civic Crown for his service in the Siege of Mytilene in 81 BCE.
Grass Crown: In ancient Rome, the Grass Crown was granted only to those whose actions saved an entire legion. There is no evidence that Julius Caesar was ever awarded the Grass Crown.>
Belisarius was one of the most renowned commanders of the Eastern Roman Empire. In the service of Emperor Justinian I, he reconquered large swathes of the Roman Empire's lost western territory. For his role in restoring Roman glory, he is often known as "the last of the Romans".
Belisarius won many victories despite being disadvantaged on the battlefield, and remained loyal to Justinian I throughout his life. When Belisarius deceived an enemy by feigning disloyalty to Justinian, he drew the suspicions of Justinian I and was later arrested and imprisoned as a traitor.
Flavius Aetius was a patrician of Rome who won crucial victories against the Huns, Franks, Burgundians, and Goths, helping to fend off the Western Roman Empire's impending doom. He has often been called "the last of the Romans."
Flavius Aetius was a tragic figure from the twilight of the Roman Empire. He kept the Western Roman Empire afloat through 20 years of crisis, but was eventually killed on the orders of Emperor Valentinian.i
Justinian I, emperor of the Eastern Roman Empire, dedicated his life to restoring the Empire to its former glory, earning him the moniker "the last of the Romans." He also formulated the Code of Justinian, which has had far-reaching historical influence.
Due to his suspicions, he ordered the arrest and imprisonment of the loyal Belisarius.
Justinian I may have been the last Eastern Roman emperor whose native language was Latin. After the division of the Roman Empire, the language of the Eastern Roman Empire gradually shifted from Latin to Greek, though the language of the Western Roman Empire remained Latin.W
Many specifics of the Marian reforms have been questioned by historians, but the universal adoption of the eagle standard ("aquila") is considered fairly credible.
However, while all the legions now carried an aquila into battle, this reform apparently failed to stop other generals from using all kinds of animals to symbolize their legions.
There was a period in ancient Rome where shaving became vogue. The act of shaving itself was seen as a masculine act, and the barber became a place for citizens to socialize.
Given the tyrannical emperor Nero's fondness for growing beards, later emperors took special care to remain clean-shaven. It was not until Rome started emulating Greek culture that Romans started growing beards once more.
One of the commanders in RoK presided over the construction of a great thermae during his reign. Who was it?
Politics
Military
Culture
Roman Kingdom
Roman Republic
753 BCE 
 509 BCE
509 BCE 
 27 BCE"
The Assassination of Julius Caesar
Trajan's Reign
Sixty senators conspired to assassinate Caesar. On March 15, Caesar was publicly stabbed to death in the Theater of Pompey.u
During his reign, Trajan made substantial conquests and expanded the Roman Empire to its greatest territorial extent.
{p1} CE
Around {p1} CE
{p1} BCE
Around {p1} BCE
{p1}
{p2} CE
{p1} BCE 
 {p2} BCE
{p1} BCE 
 {p2} CE5
When betrayed by someone close to him, Caesar said...
One of Trajan's skills is related to "the happiest age of mankind"...
What's that thing next to Scipio Africanus? Is it waving at us?
Julius Caesar wore an item of great glory...
The Assassination of Julius Caesar]
Caesar was surrounded by senators and stabbed from all sides. One of the ringleaders shouted:
Speak, hands, for me!b
The last to stab Caesar was Brutus, his most trusted friend.
Julius Caesar spoke his last words...
Et tu, Brute?
Which of the Five Good Emperors was Trajan?
During his reign, Trajan made substantial conquests and expanded the Roman Empire to its greatest territorial extent.
The Peacemaker
<b>Nerva</b>
<b>Reign: 96-98 CE</b>
Adopting a humane policy, Nerva restored the status of the Senate and swore that no senators would be put to death as long as he remained in office.
Optimus Princeps
<b>Trajan</b>
<b>Reign: 98-117 CE</b>
During his reign, Trajan made substantial conquests and expanded the Roman Empire to its greatest territorial extent.
The Wall Builder
<b>Hadrian</b>
<b>Reign: 117-138 CE</b>
Hadrian halted Rome's territorial expansion, retreated from contested lands, and built Hadrian's Wall.
An open hand? Does it mean "stop fighting"?
The "signum" was a standard carried by each of a legion's centuries (groups of 80-100 legionaries). The open hand ("manus") at the top symbolized strength.<
Could the name on the plaque be that of the standard bearer?n
Engraved on the plaque below the manus was the name of the century's legion or cohort (groups of 6 centuries).-
What do the discs below the name plaque mean?n
The silver discs ("phalarae") below the name plaque may have indicated the century's number within its cohort.
Laurel Wreath+
A crown made from bay laurel branches. In Greek mythology, the laurel wreath was connected to the story of Apollo and Daphne. In ancient Greece, laurel wreaths were awarded to victors in athletic competitions. In ancient Rome, they were mostly granted to commanders who triumphed on the battlefield.
Civic Crown
A crown made from woven oak leaves. In ancient Rome, being awarded the Civic Crown was an extremely high honor, second only to the Grass Crown. The Civic Crown was granted to Romans who saved the lives of their fellow citizens.
Grass Crown
A crown made from grass, flowers, and other plants. In ancient Rome, the Grass Crown was the highest military honor, granted only to those whose actions saved an entire legion.
Bull
Most of Caesar's legions, including the legendary Legio IV Macedonica, used the bull as a symbol. As bulls were commonly used in sacrificial ceremonies and gladiatorial games, they were commonly regarded as ceremonial symbols by the Romans.
Elephant
Legio V Alaudae was the only one of Caesar's legions not to use the bull as a symbol, and also one of his most heroic. The legion fought against the elephants used by Caesar's enemies during the Crisis of the Roman Republic, as commemorated by its elephant symbol.
Boar
Augustus's Legio X Fretensis used the wild boar as its symbol. First established to protect the Strait of Messina ("Fretum Siculum", which gave the legion its name), the legion later participated in many key battles during Nero's reign.
Stork
Established by emperor Aurelius to defend Italy during the Marcomannic Wars, Legio III Italica was unique in adopting the peaceful stork as its symbol.
Lion 
The Legio XIII Gemina followed Caesar across the Rubicon, starting his war against the Senate. In later years, Augustus named it the Gemina ("Twin") Legion. Having served under Tiberius, Nero, Trajan, and Commodus, it's no wonder the legion used the enduring and brave lion as its symbol.
Daily Exploration
Factbook
CONTINUE
WORLD WANDERER
Lvl {p1}
Annals ({s1}%)7
Greetings Governor, what would you like to learn today?
Level up!
Exploration Progress: {s1}%
EXPLORE
Coming Soon
Coming soon! Stay tuned!V
This Fact Card has not been explored yet. You can unlock it through daily exploration.
Unexplored=
<b>Marcus Aurelius</b>
Our life is what our thoughts make it.K
<b>Latin Proverb</b>
Per aspera ad astra. (Through hardship, to the stars.)G
<b>Latin Proverb</b>
Audentes Fortuna iuvat. (Fortune favors the bold.)H
<b>Erasmus</b>
Aquila non capit muscas. (An eagle does not catch flies.)R
<b>Ovid</b>
Fab est ab hoste doceri. (It is right to be taught, even by an enemy.)
Roman Empire
27 BCE 
 395 CE
Caesar's Civil War Begins[
On the night of January 10th, Caesar led his troops across the Rubicon and marched to Rome.
Red Uniform
The Julian Calendar
The Geese That Saved Rome
Legionary Arms
The Rubicon
Trajan's Column
Roman Fast Food
Nero
Veni, Vidi, Vici
SPQR
Those Who Resisted Rome I
Those Who Resisted Rome II
Those Who Resisted Rome III
Those Who Resisted Rome IV
Caligula's Madness
Roman Names
Reliefs on Trajan's Column
The First Augustus
Centurions
Bellum Gallicum
Saturnalia
Uniform color
A strange concept of time
Animal parade
Strength and courage for sale
Crossing the river of destiny"
"Out of my way! I was here first!"
Rome on the tip of the tongue
"Bloodthirsty Nero"#
The shortest declaration of victory(
SPQR
ubiquitous and mysterious letters
Those Who Resisted Rome I
Those Who Resisted Rome II
Those Who Resisted Rome III
Those Who Resisted Rome IV
"Oui, je voulais la lune."
So you're also a Scipio?
Trajan's busy life
What makes a successful emperor
Roman centurions
Bellum Gallicum
Freedom in December,
What was the color favored by Roman legions?-
How did time in ancient Rome differ from now?j
Which animal would be dressed up in gold and purple, then paraded through the streets of Rome on a litter?
War is coming! No new legionary is going to survive without a sharp and powerful weapon. Wait a moment, you might need to weigh your purse first...N
Crossing this river is tantamount to rebellion. Have you thought this through?J
The building is clearly named Trajan's Column. What are you doing atop it?
Burgers, bagels, and donuts... a wide variety of fast food has become indispensable to the modern urbanite. Believe it or not, the ancient Romans felt the same way.F
In his short and crazy life, Emperor Nero did many "strange things"...
Caesar's full message to the Senate contained just these few words, dramatically declaring his victory and his unstoppable power.
When you walk the streets of Rome, you see the letters "SPQR" adorning clothing, street signs, and even manhole covers. Just what does this mysterious string of letters mean...?
When Rome established itself as the hegemon of the Mediterranean, many resisted its rule. Which commanders took up arms against Rome?
When Rome established itself as the hegemon of the Mediterranean, many resisted its rule. Which commanders took up arms against Rome?
When Rome established itself as the hegemon of the Mediterranean, many resisted its rule. Which commanders took up arms against Rome?
When Rome established itself as the hegemon of the Mediterranean, many resisted its rule. Which commanders took up arms against Rome?k
Take a look at the wonderful and absurd plays that the infamous Caligula performed on the stage of history.e
Mr. Publius Cornelius Scipio Africanus, please tell us about how the Romans came up with their names.f
Trajan appears a whole 58 times on the reliefs surrounding his column. Just what was he getting up to?Z
Rome had many virtuous emperors, but only one who represented the word "emperor" itself...R
Centurions were professional officers in the Roman army. How can we identify them?
While wandering the Museum, you come across a book titled Bellum Gallicum. The moment you pick it up, Julius Caesar suddenly appears in front of you...=
Slave and master swap places in a once-in-a-year opportunity.
Red was a symbol of the Roman legions and was widely used in their uniforms and banners. Officers had a particular fondness for leading their legionaries into battle while dressed in red.
Most red dye was extracted from plant roots in a relatively cheap and simple process. The color is also associated with Mars, the God of War. Romans believed that going to battle while dressed in red would make them invincible.6
The lunisolar calendar used during the times of the Roman Kingdom divided the year into 10 months. Its successor in the early Republic era divided the year into 13 months (12 months, but with an extra month during leap years). It was not until the adoption of the Julian calendar in 45 BCE that Rome started using the 12-month solar calendar that we know today.
In the old 10-month calendar, mensis Martius ("the month of Mars", the predecessor to March) was the first month of the year. The months were named after Roman gods and numbers. The Julian calendar redefined the lengths of each month and removed Mercedonius, the 13th intercalary (leap year) month.
The Julian calendar was introduced by Julius Caesar, whose gens (family name) serves as the namesake for the month of July and the name of the calendar itself.
In 387 BCE, the Gauls attacked Rome under the cover of night, but the screeching of the geese in the Temple of Juno helped alert the city and prevent further casualties.
In honor of this, the Romans would parade white geese around in costumes on August 3rd of each year, as part of a ceremony known as the "supplicia canum" ("punishment of the dogs", because the dogs failed to warn Rome of the attack). The story of the "geese that saved Rome" is still remembered to this day.`
For Roman legionaries, it was more important to have the right equipment than the most lavish. After all, in most cases, they were required to purchase and carry the equipment themselves. So which would you choose, the mighty but heavy pilum or the light but short gladius?
Think carefully now. One's life is something that no amount of money can buy.
The Rubicon marked the northern border of what was considered "Italy" in the late Republic era, and separated the Roman province of Gallia Cisalpina from Italy proper. In ancient times, the laws of the Roman Republic stated that any general who crossed the Rubicon with his army would be deemed a traitor to Rome. To this day, people still use the phrase "crossing the Rubicon" to describe the act of making an important decision with no way back.
Legends say that Trajan's Column was originally meant to feature the statue of an eagle, but a statue of Trajan himself was erected in its stead. In 1587, Pope Sixtus V ordered the statue of Trajan to be replaced with a statue of St. Peter
a centuries-long game of musical chairs!(
"Isicia Omentata", a meat patty made with pine nuts, pepper, coriander, and other condiments, is considered to be the ancient precursor to the hamburger. Like many other Roman fast foods, this recipe went through a myriad of transformations over the millennia before arriving on the modern table.1
Upon Nero's death, the Senate imposed the penalty of "damnatio memoriae" ("condemnation of memory") upon him, destroying and erasing all statues, inscriptions, carvings, and other items that bore his image. As a result, it has become even more difficult for historians to determine the truth of his deeds.
During the war between Caesar and Pompey, in the twilight years of the Roman Republic, Caesar set out on an expedition against the Kingdom of Pontus (in the northeast of modern-day T
rkiye), which was aligned with Pompey. In the end, he won a quick and decisive victory despite being outnumbered.
"Veni, vidi, vici" ("I came, I saw, I conquered") is the famous message Caesar wrote to the Senate after his victory. In just a few words, he declared both his victory and his unstoppable power.i
SPQR is an acronym for "Senatus PopulusQue Romanus" ("The Senate and the Roman People") and was the official name of the Roman state.
The Roman Republic was led by two elected consuls. Powers were separated between the consuls, who governed the country with the assistance of the Senate, and the Plebeian Assembly, which served as the state's legislative body.S
Boudica was queen of the Iceni, an ancient Celtic tribe, who lived in what is now eastern England.
After the death of her husband, the Romans plundered Iceni lands, levying heavy taxes, flogging Boudica, and violating her daughters. Enraged by this injustice, Boudica led an army of British tribes in an uprising against the Roman Empire.
Hannibal Barca was a renowned strategist from ancient Carthage, a major power in Northern Africa and Southern Iberia.
When he was young, Hannibal swore to his father that he would remain an enemy of Rome for the rest of his life. In the Second Punic War, he led an army across the Alps, invaded Rome, and defeated its legions at the Battle of Cannae. However, Hannibal was ultimately defeated by Scipio Africanus at the Battle of Zama.
Hermann (often known by his Latin name "Arminius") was ruler of the Cherusci, a Germanic tribe.
Hermann was sent to Rome as a hostage when he was young, and joined the Roman army when he came of age. Rome's extractive policies in Germania eventually aroused Hermann's disgust and turned him against his former masters. At the Battle of Teutoburg Forest, Hermann led a coalition of Germanic peoples to completely destroy three legions.[
Zenobia was queen of the Palmyrene Empire in Syria, formed from territories that broke away from Rome during the Crisis of the Third Century.
In 270 CE, Zenobia invaded the Roman Empire, taking control of large swathes of the Empire's eastern territories and annexing Egypt. She continued to expand her territory until she was defeated in 274 CE.
Was Caligula a genuine madman or merely a victim of vicious slander? Though he's long been a subject of ridicule by later generations, could there still be those who seek to overturn the accusations against him?
 l'histoire, Caligula, 
 l'histoire!"
Walk through the streets of Rome, and you're likely to come across ten Gaiuses, twenty Tituses, and thirty Marcuses. Three of those Marcuses might even be from the same family!
To commemorate Emperor Trajan's victory in the Dacian Wars, a column was erected in Trajan's Forum in Rome. Though the forum fell into disrepair, its reliefs still weave a vivid tale of grand history.
Augustus, born Gaius Octavius, was the founder of the Roman Empire.
He was born into a respectable but unremarkable plebeian family, and benefitted from the rising star of his great-uncle Gaius Julius Caesar, who later adopted Octavian as his son. Owing to his handsome looks, he was routinely slandered with obscene poems by political opponents and ridiculed for his plebeian birth. Despite these challenges, he would eventually unify Rome after its civil war and usher in an era of peace.
There are many anecdotes about him in history, such as that he was afraid of thunder and that he once dreamed that the gods of Rome had come down to air their grievances to him.c
A centurion was a Roman officer responsible for training soldiers during peacetime and commanding them during war. Centurions were each in charge of a "century", a unit of 80-100 legionaries.
Centurions wore special helmets adorned with decorative horsehair or feathers arranged in horizontal rows. They usually stood at the right of their century's first file, leading and fighting alongside their soldiers. To ensure centurions had the required combat experience, they were required to be at least 30 years old. Their symbol of office was a staff, which they could use to punish soldiers under their command.?
The Bellum Gallicum, also known as the Commentarii de Bello Gallico, is Julius Caesar's firsthand account of the Gallic Wars. It was written during his governorship of Gaul in the final years of the Republic era, and contains his various observations and insights in third-person narrative form.
The Commentarii is one of the oldest accounts of ancient warfare to which we have access, and is remarkable not only for the grandiose vision displayed by this "uncrowned emperor", but also as a relatively reliable treasure trove of information on ancient society and ethnology.
In honor of Saturn, the god of agriculture, food and wine filled the city, and a myriad of grand banquets were held. Slaves were no longer slaves, and masters were no longer masters. It was the most wonderful time of the year in Rome, but like all festivals, it ended before one could truly enjoy it in full.
Slaves would fondly remember the Saturnalia for the rest of the year. Year after year, they would be granted freedom, only for it to be stripped away soon after.9
Which commander helped start the trend of shaving beards?
Let's start with Trajan!
Let's start with Julius Caesar!
Let's start with Julius Caesar!^
Some Roman commanders paid special care to appearance, especially when it came to this area...&
In that fateful moment, Caesar said...A
At that moment when Caesar grasped fate by the throat, he said...-
The Death of Julius Caesar
Vincenzo Camuccini
Casca=
Tepidarium at the Forum Baths in Pompeii
Josef Theodor Hansen
Relaxing at the Baths[
After a great battle, you accept Trajan's invitation to take a hot bath in a Roman thermae.
You enter the thermae, change your clothes, and plan to relax in the hot water. Suddenly, you realize you've forgotten to bring your soap.
Trajan, did you bring any soap?9
S...oap? That won't do.
You should be using this instead.X
Trajan shakes his head and throws you a bottle of olive oil and a strange curved object.
City Market
Roman Beard`
A group of Roman citizens and soldiers have gathered near the barber, loudly exchanging stories.}
Curious as to what the Romans were talking about, the scholar stepped inside, only to be startled by a shout from behind him.L
By the gods! What's a scholarly man like you doing with such a vulgar beard?a
There's nothing "Roman" about growing a beard. You best let the barber take care of that for you!
Scholarh
Is that so? But from my research, there was a long period of time when the Romans didn't shave either
Among his many crimes, Nero, that accursed emperor of old, liked to sport an exaggerated beard.R
I'll have to keep my face clean and neat, lest I be compared with that horrid man!L
So that's how it is... But don't worry too much. You look nothing like Nero.@
Julius Caesar and the Crossing of the Rubicon
Francesco Granacci
Caesar's Decision^
The soldiers looked towards the river from a distance, their eyes gazing at a hesitant figure.r
Their general was about to make a difficult decision, one that could very well determine the fate of the Republic.9
Finally, a centurion stepped forward and spoke to Caesar.U
Cassio? Your steps are so heavy that even our enemies in Rome can hear your approach.
Cassio,
My apologies, consul. But, if I may speak...[
Better for our enemies to notice our movements than to be ground to a halt by a mere river.B
Hmph... Is it the Rubicon that blocks our march, or is it... fate?>
On the chessboard of fate, there's no taking back one's moves.
You speak true. If we cross this river, we'll be declaring war on the Republic and the Senate. There won't be any turning back...Y
To hell with it. Were I to dither any longer, I would be betraying the loyalty of my men.$
Iacta alea est. Let the die be cast.
Noon at the Food Stall
Roman Fast Food
Walking through the city while discussing defensive tactics, the governor and Flavius Aetius happened upon a food stall surrounded by soldiers.7
Aetius' eyes suddenly lit up, and he made his way over.
Such a nostalgic smell.<
Is this... meatloaf? Do you have this food in your homeland?d
Not at home, but in the fortress, and on the streets of the foreign lands that I've marched through.r
When they didn't have the time to cook a big meal, the soldiers relied on this simple dish to fill their stomachs.J
The soldiers who came here with you hold nostalgia for these days as well.(
Haha! You should try some too, governor!-
The taste will stay with you, I guarantee it.
Caesar's Civil War
Caesar advanced with 3 legions and completely destroyed Pharnaces II of Pontus's army in a fierce battle near Zela, forcing the king to withdraw to Pontus.\
To inform Rome of his decisive victory, Caesar wrote three words to his friend Gaius Matius:
"Veni, Vidi, Vici" 
(From Plutarch's Life of Caesar)
City Museum
An Encounter With Caesar
While wandering the museum, you come across a book titled Bellum Gallicum. The moment you pick it up, Julius Caesar suddenly appears in front of you...E
Are you a fan of the Bellum Gallicum, my friend? You have good taste.(
Are you familiar with this book, Caesar?P
Indeed! I must say, this is a wonderful book, deserving of the highest praise...
As Caesar continues to sing its praises, you come to learn that this "report" tells the story of a Roman commander's great achievements in the conquest of Gaul.P
Once Caesar leaves, you open the cover and see what's written on the first page:
"by Julius Caesar"
ANCIENT EGYPT
The Land of Pyramids
Learning Legionary
Question Quaestor
Trivia Tribune
Lore Legate
Erudite Emperor 
Fall of the Western Roman Empire
Division of the Roman Empire
Assassination of Caligula
Victory in the Dacian War#
Establishment of the Roman Republic
Battle of Zamaa
Barbarians deposed the boy-emperor Romulus Augustus, effectively ending the Western Roman Empire.|
Theodosius I, the last emperor to rule the entire Roman Empire, split the east and west between his two sons upon his death.6
Caligula was assassinated, ending his tyrannical rule.<
Trajan's two expeditions into Dacia end in glorious victory.
Back when Rome was still a small city-state, its citizens expelled their king, ending the Roman monarchy and establishing the Roman Republic.
The Roman army led by Scipio Africanus defeated Hannibal's Carthaginian army at the Battle of Zama, bringing the Second Punic War to an end.)
Which Roman commanders wear red uniforms?.
Which commanders have served as Roman consuls?7
Which commander does Caligula share a family name with?6
Which avatar frame is based on the centurion's helmet?
Golden War Helm
Let's start with Gaius Marius!%
Let's start with the Trajan Fountain!
Let's start with Trajan!&
Marius painted his favored eagle on...=
The image of Trajan is depicted somewhere on this monument...-
Trajan's military exploits are recorded in...?
Which of these commanders is known as "the last of the Romans?";
Which of these commanders is known as "last of the Romans?"?
Which of these commanders is known as "the last of the Romans?"*
Which color represented the Roman legions?e
Every year on August 3rd, a parade was held on the streets of Rome. What animal did the parade honor?/
Which of these commanders rose up against Rome?4
Which of these commanders resisted Rome's expansion?4
Which of these commanders resisted Rome's expansion?4
Which of these commanders resisted Rome's expansion?E
He won many victories despite being disadvantaged on the battlefield.$
He was a loyal servant of the realm.)
He was accused of treason and imprisoned.*
In RoK, he specializes in leading cavalry.
He was killed by a Roman.
In RoK, he wears a red cloak.0
He lived at the end of the Western Roman Empire.
He defeated Attila.[
Due to his suspicions, ordered the arrest and imprisonment of a loyal servant of the realm.-
He codified a series of laws and regulations.B
Due to his diligence, he became known as the "Unsleeping Emperor."+
In the game, he is depicted holding a book.P
It was associated with Mars, the God of War, and the planet that bears his name.K
It was extracted from plant roots in a relatively cheap and simple process.
It represents battle.)
Generals often wore cloaks of this color.4
They sounded the alarm when the Gauls attacked Rome.+
They are surprisingly aggressive creatures."
They were kept in temples of Juno.=
They are raised as poultry and are a source of eggs and meat.
She sought vengeance."
She is a cultural hero in Britain.L
She was severely flogged, and her two daughters were violated by the Romans.4
She was queen of the Iceni, an ancient Celtic tribe.[
When he was young, he swore that he would remain an enemy of Rome for the rest of his life.+
He fought battles against Scipio Africanus.$
He once led an army across the Alps.U
He was a renowned strategist from ancient Carthage, a major power in Northern Africa.3
He was sent to Rome as a hostage when he was young.#
He was once part of the Roman army.O
At the Battle of Teutoburg Forest, he completely destroyed three Roman legions.&
His name means "man of war" in German.'
She was said to be extremely beautiful.H
She once controlled much of Rome's eastern territories, including Egypt.6
She was defeated during the reign of Emperor Aurelian.&
She was queen of the Palmyrene Empire.
The First Antonine
<b>Antoninus Pius</b>
<b>Reign: 138-161 CE</b>
The reign of Antoninus Pius marked the height of the Roman Empire's prosperity. As such, the reign of the Five Good Emperors is also known as the "Nerva
Antonine dynasty".
The Philosopher
<b>Marcus Aurelius</b>
<b>Reign: 161-180 CE</b>
During his reign, Marcus Aurelius consolidated the empire's rule and protected it against barbarian invasions. He also wrote Meditations, one of the most famous works of philosophy in the world.
Zhuge Liang
Rome...? Don't you mean Daqin?
Scipio Africanus(
The last...? Surely Rome will never die?
Belisarius(
My bucellarii will keep the Empire safe.
Flavius Aetius 
My only wish is to protect Rome.
Julius Caesar
The Republic may have ended after me, but Rome lived on. If I'm to be the last anything, I would call myself the "last consul."
Trajanc
Under my reign, Rome reached its greatest territorial extent. I'm not the Roman you're looking for.
Cao CaoT
Arrested and imprisoned? If you're worried about traitors, just lop off their heads.
Justinian I'
If I could restore the glory of Rome...
Gaius MariusI
My reforms transformed the Roman Empire. You're looking for someone else.
GoldJ
Gold was an expensive color that ordinary Roman soldiers could not afford.
White1
White was an undyed color preferred by commoners.
Purple<
Purple represented nobility and was mostly used by generals.
DogU
I became a synonym for disgrace because I did not provide warning of an enemy attack.
Goose
WolfH
I hold high status in the hearts of Romans, but the city is not my home.
Boudica'
This rose blooms as red as Roman blood.
thelfl
The Romans left these isles centuries ago. It's Vikings I'm worried about.
Tomyris
My enemies are the Persians.
Belisarius1
More false accusations? You sound like Justinian.
AttilaD
Resisted? I am the scourge of Rome! They were the ones resisting me!
Hannibal Barca(
The feast of Rome is coming to an end...
Loharh
Heh, I've fought a lot of folks, grub-earner, but I don't think I've tangled with these Roh-mans before.
Hermann9
I will continue to unite my people against Roman tyranny.
Frederick I3
I will conquer Italy, but Rome belongs to the Pope.
ZenobiaE
Allegiance to Rome? Hah! They shall call me Augusta when I'm through!
AmanitoreI
Despite their despoiling of temples, my relations with Rome are amicable.
Cleopatra VIIR
Rome and I had a... complicated relationship. "Resisting" wouldn't quite cover it. 
Which crown should I wear today?
Laurel Wreath
Civic Crown
Grass Crown 
How can we identify a centurion?
They had a unique helmet
The most distinctive mark of a centurion was the horsehair and feather crests on their helmets. Unlike other legionaries, the decorations on their helmets were arranged horizontally rather than vertically.3
They stood in a fixed position in square formations
In battle, centurions usually stood at the right of their century's first file while in square formation, leading and inspiring their soldiers to fight alongside them.
They had a minimum ageh
To ensure centurions had the required combat experience, they were required to be at least 30 years old.
They had a symbol of officev
Centurions used their staves not just to direct drills and maneuvers, but also to punish soldiers under their command.X
When you open the calendar you've become accustomed to, you find that in ancient Rome...2
So back then, there were only 10 months in a year?
The old Roman calendars used a lunisolar system that divided the year into 10
13 months. It was not until the adoption of the Julian calendar that Rome started using a 12-month solar calendar.(
March was the beginning of the new year?
March was the first month of the ancient 10-month Roman calendar, and was named after Mars, the god of war. Nowadays, the year begins in January, a month also named for a Roman god
Janus, the god of beginnings and endings.I
It's said that brides who get married in June are blessed with happiness?
The name June comes from Juno, the Queen of the Gods and patron of fertility and marriage in Roman mythology. People believed that getting married in June would grant them Juno's blessing, hence the concept of the "June bride."9
Was July named after that commander who was assassinated?
Julius Caesar was assassinated by members of the Senate. As the creator of the Julian calendar, the month in which Caesar was born was changed to his family name, "Julius."7
Emperor Nero seems to have done these strange things...
An Olympic champion?%
In 67 AD, Emperor Nero decided to show off his "athletic prowess" and participated in the Olympic Games. He even bribed the organizers of the Games to change the date they were held. Despite speeding out of control in the chariot racing event, Nero was still miraculously crowned the champion!
Set fire to Rome?
In 64 AD, a raging fire broke out in Rome. Some accounts say that the fire was a scheme by the evil Emperor Nero to clear room for an expansion of his palace. However, the real cause of the fire is still a subject of debate.
Cruel matricide?
The brutal Emperor Nero had many of his enemies assassinated, including, some say, his own mother. According to Tacitus, in 59 AD Nero invited his mother Agrippina the Younger to a seaside villa, and prepared a "special" boat for her designed to break apart and sink during its voyage. Agrippina managed to swim to shore, but Nero shortly afterwards sent assassins to finish the job.
The "Quinquennial Neronia?"x
Despite his cruelty, Nero was an artistic young man with many talents. In 60 AD, he founded the "Quinquennial Neronia". Held every five years, the event consisted of three parts: first music, oratory, and poetry, followed by gymnastics, and finally horseriding. Only two Quinquennial Neronia events were ever held. Nero was already dead by the time the third would have begun.d
No one listened to Marius! Every Roman legion had its own idea of what animal should represent them.
Legio IV Macedonica
Legio V Alaudae
Legio X Fretensis
Legio III Italica
Legio XIII Gemina[
I can tell you're fresh meat just by looking at you. I suppose I could give you a discount.
Gladius
Gladius
It may look like just a thick piece of iron, but its sharp tip makes it perfect for piercing enemies at close range. This one's a best-seller!
Pilum
Pilum
The pilum spanned roughly two meters. Whether thrown or used to stab, its tip alone was enough to pierce charging cavalry
both man and steed. However, its weight made it tiring to carry on extended marches.
Pugio
Pugio
Small, lightweight, and fairly easy to conceal. If there's an officer that you want gone, just bring your pugio and wait for nightfall...
Dolabra
Dolabra
Don't underestimate this humble tool. It can be used to prepare firewood, build field fortifications, or take on gladiators armed to the teeth. Want to give it a try?9
Who belongs atop the column? That's for history to judge.
St. Peter
St. Peter
The man who currently stands atop Trajan's Column.
In the late 16th century, Pope Sixtus V ordered the statue of Trajan to be replaced with a statue of St. Peter to sanctify the great column.
In other words, this guy has stayed put since he took Trajan's place during the Renaissance!
Eagle
Eagle
Some coins that have survived to this day indicate that the column was originally intended to be capped by a statue of an eagle. Though this plan did not come to pass, eagles were often found adorning Roman architecture.
Trajan
TrajanE
Trajan no longer stands atop Trajan's Column. To make up for this Trajan erasure, we made a decoration based on the Trajan Fountain in Ephesus, which continues to feature a statue of the emperor (well, only his foot remains, but still). Wouldn't it be a great idea to combine Trajan's Column and the Trajan Fountain into one?
Pegasus
Pegasust
The Pegasus may have been from Greco-Roman mythology, but it never competed with Trajan for a place atop his column.2
Even the great Augustus experienced such things...5
He was ridiculed as a pretty boy from the countrysideO
Augustus was born into a humble family on Rome's Palatine Hill, but had the good fortune of becoming his great-uncle Caesar's adopted son. Given that he did not participate in any key battles in his early years, he was not respected by soldiers. Mark Antony was known to call him "Gaius Octavius", his birth name, as a form of mockery.=
There were rumors of a romantic affair between him and Caesar"
Augustus was known to be a beautiful man. Given Rome's masculine culture at the time, Mark Antony once wrote an obscene poem in an attempt to slander Augustus and create scandal between him and his great-uncle, Julius Caesar. After Augustus came to power, he solidified Rome's resplendence."
The month of August bears his name
The original name of August in the Roman calendar was "Sextilis", which represented the sixth month. To commemorate Augustus, who died in this month, the Senate renamed the month in his honor..
Even great emperors can be afraid of lightning
Augustus's fear of thunder comes from witnessing a soldier in front of him being incinerated by a bolt of lightning. Whenever he marched under a thunderstorm, he would always hide under cover. It's also said that he would wear sealskin to protect himself from lightning strikes.
The emperor of absurdity
His war against NeptuneO
After his failed campaign in Britain, Caligula told his soldiers to collect seashells from the shore to serve as trophies for his victory over Neptune, the god of the sea. This behavior may have been driven by madness, but it's also been theorized that this was an effort to compensate his soldiers, who were on the verge of rebellion. 
He made his beloved horse consul
Caligula had a beloved horse named Incitatus, whom he granted a great mansion and allowed to eat at the table. It is said that he attempted to install Incitatus as consul, but this was likely an attempt to ridicule the Senate by implying their position was below that of a horse.
He dressed as a god
Like all Romans, Caligula was devoted to the gods
but it's said that he tried to become one himself. He often dressed as Jupiter and ordered the erection of a statue of himself in the Temple of Jerusalem, requiring that Romans worship him as a god and offer sacrifices./
He forbade the mention of goats in his presence
Caligula's reported baldness and thick body hair made him resemble a goat. Perhaps out of self-consciousness, he was extremely sensitive about anyone mentioning goats in his presence. It's said that he even went as far as ordering the death of those who did so./
"Our names are long, but the rules are simple."
"Publius"
This is my "praenomen", my personal name, but I'm not the only one who has it
there were less than thirty to choose from in Rome. After all, when compared to the fortunes of one's gens, the honor of one's family, and one's exploits in battle, what's in a mere name?
"Cornelius"&
The Roman "nomen" is comparable to the surnames you have today, identifying which clan, or "gens", I belong to. I am of the storied gens Cornelia. I do not mean to boast, but in my day, the Cornelii were one of the six most prominent gens in Rome. I am fortunate to have lived up to its legacy.
"Scipio"
Some Romans also had a third name, a "cognomen". This could be a nickname or, as in my case, a family name. Though many simply call me "Scipio", the name was borne by all other men of the Scipiones branch of the gens Cornelia. I was born at a fortunate time; the Scipiones were at the peak of their power, and were the most prestigious branch of the already prestigious gens Cornelia.
"Africanus"E
I had the rare distinction of having a fourth name, an "agnomen". This was a title, meaning "conqueror of Africa," which was granted to me in commemoration of my victory in the Battle of Zama. When I spoke with my fellow commanders, I also heard about the title of "Augustus." I wonder what type of victory it commemorates...=
Though an emperor, he seems to be doing everything himself...
Trajan plans for battle~
This scene depicts a meeting before the start of a battle. Trajan sits among his soldiers, reviewing the Roman army's advance. 
Trajan holding an unknown object
This scene depicts Trajan presiding over a sacrificial ceremony before the battle. The round object in his hand is a libation bowl ("patera"). The scene also depicts a procession of people walking past him with sacrificial animals.
Trajan directs an evacuation
This scene depicts Dacian women and children fleeing the war. Trajan stands above them all with his hand stretched out as if directing their evacuation.
Trajan rows with force{
This scene depicts Trajan personally taking the helm and commanding a fleet on the Danube. He seems to be rowing very hard!A
Io Saturnalia! Let's take a look at how people are celebrating...
Masters and slaves trade places
Something incredible would happen: slaves would sit at their master's table and eat, while masters would wait on their slaves and afford them the same courtesies as a master. Perhaps this interesting trading of identities helped relieve the pressures of slavery on all.
An unpredictable holidayA
Though originally limited to a single day, Saturnalia was extended to an entire week in the late Republic era. After Augustus came to power, he reduced Saturnalia to three days. The fun-loving Caligula later extended Saturnalia to five days, and under his rule, the Romans quietly extended the celebration back to a week.
The King of the Saturnalia
At the start of the festival, a "King of the Saturnalia" would be appointed by lot. Throughout the Saturnalia, the "king" had the power to issue ridiculous and comical orders, such as "dance naked" or "quack like a goose."
Io Saturnalia!
A characteristic salutation during the festival. The exclamation "Io" was popular in Rome, though it was originally Greek, used as a strongly emotive ritual exclamation or invocation.
The giving of gifts
Another important part of the holiday season was the exchange of gifts. The last day of Saturnalia was called Sigillaria, during which Romans would gift each other candles, wax figures, jelly, pottery, and other items they bought at the market.
Encyclopedia Rokonnica
Caesar Crossing the Rubicon
Adolphe Yvon
Western Roman Empire
395 CE 
 476 CE
Hintse
<b>Virgil</b>
Omnia vincit amor; et nos cedamus amori. (Love conquers all; let us all yield to love.)N
<b>Virgil</b>
Imperium sine fine dedi. (I have given them empire without end.)
Hint 1
Hint 2
Hint 3
Hint 4
True
Rumor
Doubtful
Finished
Minamoto no Yoshitsunee
I've nothing to do with Rome. But if you desire, this body of mine will be your blade, governor-dono.
Alexander the Great@
Last? This word does not suit a man who has never lost a battle.
William I<
I am the conqueror of England. I've nothing to do with Rome.
DidoN
Were I seeking vengeance, I would sail to Tyre and find my brother, Pygmalion.
Julius Caesar!
I am Rome's ruler, not its enemy!
Gilgamesh3
Rome? Has my dear friend Enkidu been spotted there?
Artemisia Ih
I cast in my lot with the Persians and attacked Greece. I care little for a western backwater like Rome.B
Now, guess how many "Augustuses" you'll find in the land of Egria.
Coming Soon
Ancient Roman Farmer's Calendar
A monument to a centurion
Nero Claudius
Caligula"
Publius Cornelius Scipio Africanus
Augustus
Saturnalia4
So that's what the ornaments on Roman signa meant...
The Senate
and the Roman PeopleS
dedicate this to the deified Titus Vespasian Augustus, son of the deified Vespasian
The Senate and the Roman Peoplec
The inscription on the Arch of Titus might hold the key to understanding what these letters mean...;
There are still things you haven't explored. Keep studying!
Old Blacksmith
REWARD LIST
TrajanI
Trajan's full regnal name was "Imperator Caesar Nerva Traianus Augustus".
Constantine I_
Constantine I's full regnal name was "Imperator Caesar Flavius Valerius Constantinus Augustus".
Heraclius
The Byzantines, being the continuation of the Eastern Roman Empire, maintained many Roman traditions. Heraclius's full regnal name was "Imperator Caesar Flavius Heraclius Augustus".
Justinian Id
Justinian I's full regnal name was "Imperator Caesar Flavius Petrus Sabbatius Iustinianus Augustus".
Charlemagne
In 800 CE, Charlemagne was crowned Holy Roman Emperor by Pope Leo III. As the formal successor to the Roman Empire in the eyes of the Latin Church, he received the regnal name "Karolus Imperator Augustus".
Roman Republic
Roman Empire
Western Roman Empire
509 BCE 
 27 BCE
27 BCE 
 395 CE
395 CE 
 476 CE
The Roman Republic, formally the SPQR (Senatus Populusque Romanus), was the political regime of Rome from 509 to 27 BCE. The Republic reached its height in 44 BCE, when Julius Caesar was named Dictator perpetuo ("dictator in perpetuity").
Though it still bore the title SPQR, the coronation of Gaius Octavius as "Augustus" in 27 BCE marked the beginning of the Roman Empire.v
In 395 CE, Emperor Theodosius I passed away, splitting the governance of the empire between his two sons. This moment would later be considered the founding of the "Western Roman Empire". However, Romans at the time did not see this as the Roman Empire being divided into two states, and continued to view it as a singular entity, just with a split administrative structure.
Picture Info;
You do not have the item required to build this decoration.`
1. "The Death of Julius Caesar" by Vincenzo Camuccini, housed in the Museo di Capodimonte, Italy
1. Bust of Hadrian, housed in the Capitoline Museums, Rome
2. Bust of Antoninus Pius, housed in the Museo Nacional del Prado, MadridE
1. "Tepidarium at the Forum Baths in Pompeii" by Josef Theodor HansenC
1. Bust of Justinian I, housed in the Basilica of San Vitale, Italy9
1. Statue of Nero, housed in the Capitoline Museums, Rome
1. Ancient Roman farming calendar, housed in the Museum of Roman Civilization, Rome
2. "Fasti Antiates Maiores", reconstruction of an ancient Roman painted wall calendar, housed in the Museo del Teatro Romano de Caesaragusta, Spain
1. "Romulus and Remus" by Peter Paul Rubens, housed in the Capitoline Museums, Rome
2. "Sacred Geese of the Capitol" by Henri-Paul Motte
1. Statue of St. Peter atop Trajan's Column, Rome
2. Former military barracks, Rome
3. Trajan's Column and the Chiesa Santa Maria di Loreto, RomeJ
1. Bust of Nero, housed in the Glyptothek, Munich
2. Statue of Nero, Anzio-
1. Arch of Titus, Rome
2. Floor mosaic, MilanD
1. "Caligula Indulging in the Worship of the People" by 
mile L
1. Relief sculpture atop Trajan's Column, RomeH
There is an issue with this content. Please try exploring other content.
CHECKED IN^
<b><size=30>WORLD WANDERER</size></b>
 <color=#997336>Across space and time, sail the seas of civilization.</color>
 <b>Overview</b>
Get rewarded for learning about history!
 <b>Starting the Event</b>
1. Your city's scholars will prepare 3 daily fun facts for each of the civilizations featured in the World Wanderer game mode. You can pick <color=#379f1f>1</color> fun fact per day to explore.
2. Once you've finished exploring a fun fact, you'll unlock its corresponding Fact Card for your Factbook.
3. As you unlock more of a civilization's Fact Cards, your exploration level for that civilization will increase.
 <b>Rewards</b>
1. Whenever you level up a civilization's exploration level, you'll unlock a new reward box.
2. Some of a civilization's reward boxes will include <color=#379f1f>characteristic decorations</color> for the civilization.
Not sure this is it.
Maybe somewhere else?
Let's think about this again.
Hm... that's not quite right.
REWARDS+
Earn +1 progress for every fact you explore
Rome wasn't built in a dayJ
You've already learned a great deal today! Check back in with me tomorrow!,
The road ahead is long and I can see no end.J
Heaven moves powerfully; the superior man strengthens himself unceasingly.J
The ocean does not refuse water; therefore it is able to achieve vastness.A
When walking in a group of three, my teachers are always present.8
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.D
The peach and plum trees don't speak, yet a path forms beneath them.>
Whether a nation stands or falls depends on ordinary citizens.I
An interval of time is worth an ounce of gold, money cannot buy you time.P
O peak of peaks, how high it stands! One boundless green o'erspreads two states.O
So born by heaven we must be of use; spend all the money and more will come up.T
He who handles vermilion will be reddened, and he who touches ink will be blackened.
Qin and Han Dynasties
Wei and Jin Dynasties
Sui and Tang Dynasties
Song and Yuan Dynasties
221 BCE 
 220 CE
220 CE 
 420 CE
581 CE 
 907 CE
960 CE 
 1368 CE
QIN AND HAN DYNASTIES
WEI AND JIN DYNASTIES
SUI AND TANG DYNASTIES
SONG AND YUAN DYNASTIES
221 BCE 
 220 CE
220 CE 
 420 CE
581 CE 
 907 CE
960 CE 
 1368 CE
Emperor Qin Shi Huang unified the six states, ending the era of warring factions. Following this, the Han dynasty flourished for over four centuries.
A period of intense turmoil and division, yet this chaotic era gave rise to many heroes, legends, and cultural developments through the blending of cultures.x
Ancient China's most prosperous and open period, marked by significant achievements in politics, economics, and culture.
A transformative era bridging past and future, witnessing many historical turning points. The blending of Chinese and foreign cultures increased significantly during this period.
The Demise of the Northern Song
The Silk Road Takes Shape
An Empress Ascends
Northern Wei Unites Hexi
The Fall of Shu Han
The Rule of Wen and Jing
Fall of the Qin Dynastyz
Between 1125 and 1127, the Jingkang Incident led to the capture of Bianjing, marking the end of the Northern Song dynasty.
Thirteen years after Zhang Qian's journey to the Western Regions, he returned, though only two of the original 100 envoys survived.x
Wu Zetian renamed the dynasty "Zhou" and was crowned in Luoyang, the only dynasty founded by a woman in Chinese history.
Artisans and noble families were relocated to the capital to learn Han culture, during which Dunhuang Mogao Cave 257 was constructed.g
Sima Zhao of Cao Wei waged war against Shu Han, leading to Liu Chan's surrender and Shu Han's collapse.r
Known as the first golden age of Chinese history, this period also saw the start of the Great Wall's construction.
Xiang Yu's army entered the Qin heartland and executed Ziying, the last Qin ruler. A mere three years after Emperor Qin Shi Huang's death, the dynasty he founded had fallen.-
The Literary Brilliance of China's Commanders
The Twelve Zodiac Signs
Unique Bronze Artifacts,
Along the River During the Qingming Festival
Birth of the Silk Road#
The Ever-Connected Past and Present 
The Evolution of Chinese Writing
Beijing opera makeup
The Blank Stele)
The Brutality of the Imperial Examination
Confucius#
Story of the Nine-Colored Deer King
Traditional Holiday Foods
Ancient Chinese Cat Culture
The Birth of a Famous Dish'
Anti-Forgery Methods of Imperial Edicts
Spring Festival Traditions
The Wisdom of the Sage of War
The Real Zhuge Liang
The Vibrant Celestial Realm
The Great Wall
Ding Vessels
The Terracotta Army&
Legendary Creatures from East and West
Board Games of China
Board Games of China
Board Games of China
Cao Cao and Guan Yu
Nine Sons of the Dragon
Carp in Chinese Culture
Bestiary of Chinese Mythology'
Kings, strategists, warriors, and poets
What's your zodiac sign?
Imagine the unimaginable!
The story of Bianjing's past$
Western regions investigation report2
Treasures that filled the markets of the Silk Road
The saga of Chinese characters*
Virtues and vices, displayed on every face 
"Let future generations decide."
Would you dare to cheat?
Sage of Heaven)
A timeless legend, immortalized on a wall
The allure of festivals
Affection hidden in names%
A culinary master born from adversity!
How hard is it to forge an edict?!
The satisfaction of diligent work!
Stratagems from novice to mastery(
Not omnipotent, but still extraordinary.
Ascension to immortality&
A dragon traverses the mountain ridges4
Fit for the royal court and practical in the kitchen
An army for eternity"
Mythical siblings across the world
Board games of China - part 1
Board games of China - part 2
Board games of China - part 3!
"In Cao's camp, yet loyal to Han"-
Where are the roles of the dragon's children?&
"Reeling" in abundance year after year*
The magical beings of the great wilderness
China's commanders weren't just warriors
they were also poets and writers. One of them even inspired an entire literary movement...
These 12 animals represent each year in a repeating cycle and are called the Chinese Zodiac.
Want to find out which animal represents the year you were born?w
Ancient Chinese bronze artifacts come in all sorts of shapes
some charming, some strange, and some eerily futuristic.
An ordinary, bustling day in Bianjing has been forever captured in this massive scroll. Every character's expression and every house's arrangement tell captivating tales of the time.
During the Western Han period, the most famous Chinese traveler was Zhang Qian. He led a hundred-person delegation beyond the borders, heading west, but what thrilling encounters did he face on his journey?
Goods from China and the Western Regions flowed constantly along the Silk Road. It's time to join the caravan for a shopping spree!
Next, you'll see five historical styles of Chinese characters once used by the Chinese people. Can you spot their similarities and differences?
In China, there is a type of theatre where actors use face makeup in different colors to portray various characters. It's amazing how they use the psychology of color to convey emotions and traits!
At the tomb shared by Wu Zetian and Emperor Gaozong of Tang, monuments stand on either side. While her son's monument is inscribed with an epitaph authored by Wu Zetian herself, her own remains blank...Z
Governor, have you ever faced a critical exam that could change the course of your studies or career? Over a thousand years ago, China established one of the most significant official selection systems in history: the Imperial Examination.
To pass this rigorous test, some people dedicated their entire youth, and some even paid with their lives.
Well-known for his ideas that have stood the test of time, his students are found far and wide, marking him as one of China's greatest philosophers.Z
The colorful patterns painted across the rock walls tell a poignant and bittersweet story.
Come holiday time, Chinese people enjoy all sorts of festive traditional foods. Do you remember which food is eaten during the Mid-Autumn Festival?x
The charm of cats speaks for itself. Indeed, the Chinese have been captivated by these creatures for thousands of years.x
A recipe from over a thousand years ago, it remains a staple on Chinese dining tables today. Let's learn how to make it!
In ancient China, the emperor's commands to his ministers were conveyed through edicts. But couldn't a court official simply forge an edict and do as they please?
...It wasn't as easy as you might think!O
Across China, every household bustles with activity to welcome the coming year.d
Sun Tzu's strategy class is now in session! Governor, are you ready to prove your strategic mastery?
The Zhuge Liang portrayed in the Romance of the Three Kingdoms is known for his ingenious strategies. But how many of these remarkable feats actually occurred in history?M
This ornate fabric depicts ancient people's fantasies of the celestial world.{
It was a millennium-long project, stretching nearly 6000 kilometers long and covering an area of 130,000 square kilometers._
In many artistic works about ancient China, a heavy object often appears. What was it used for?w
As the unifier of the six kingdoms, Qin Shi Huang even ensured that an army of "figurines" accompanied him to his tomb.l
Did you know that these seemingly similar mythical creatures actually hail from entirely different cultures?
With nothing more than black and white stones and a grid-patterned board, how did this ancient game capture the hearts of so many?#
Let's explore their unique designs!
Along with Yi (
, an old Chinese name for Go), the ancient board game of Liubo (
) is one part of "boyi" (
), a Chinese word for games.
Guan Yu was a valiant general under Liu Bei, the ruler of Shu Han, one of the main powers of the Three Kingdoms period. Cao Cao was the founding figure of Cao Wei, Shu Han's greatest rival. Despite being on opposing sides, the bond between the two men remains a fascinating tale.T
The dragon's children each embrace their calling, thriving in their chosen pursuits.
This humble freshwater fish plays a variety of important roles in Chinese culture, from embodying festivity and prosperity to symbolizing resilience and transformation.~
In the Classic of Mountains and Seas, the wilderness is a place full of wondrous beings. Let's take a look at who lives there!
Literature has forever been a pillar of Chinese culture.
From ancient myths passed down by early ancestors to the poems and essays that emerged in the 21st century BCE, and from the vibrant Yuan Dynasty dramas of the 13th century to modern novels, literature has shaped the core of Chinese identity, serving as both inspiration and reflection, cherished in imperial palaces and humble village streets alike.
The Chinese zodiac is made up of 12 animals, arranged in this order: Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat, Monkey, Rooster, Dog, and Pig.
Over the centuries, different regions and dynasties have shared their own legends about the zodiac's order. One popular tale tells of a race where the clever Rat rode on the Ox's back and leapt ahead at the last moment to take first place.p
Chinese bronze culture has a long history. Based on current archaeological findings, it's largely agreed that China's Bronze Age began with the Longshan culture, over 2000 years before the Common Era.
Bronze was widely used in religious ceremonies, cooking, politics, and warfare. As times changed, the craftsmanship of bronze artifacts became more refined and unique.2
"Along the River During the Qingming Festival" is a masterpiece by Song Dynasty painter Zhang Zeduan. The entire scroll is 5.25 meters long and features 814 figures. The painting carefully depicts the bustling and prosperous scene in the capital city of the Northern Song during the Qingming Festival. Every person, animal, and scene is brought to life with vibrant details, vividly capturing the essence of the era.
However, later scholars analyzing the painting discovered that beneath the lively atmosphere, there seemed to be signs of emerging social crises.
The establishment of the Silk Road trade route owes much to the efforts of diplomat Zhang Qian. Starting in 139 BC, when he first made contact with the Yuezhi nomads, he dedicated his entire life to diplomacy with the Western Regions.
Zhang Qian's first mission to the Western Regions was fraught with difficulty. Captured by the Xiongnu for more than ten years, he still managed to bring back invaluable intelligence to Emperor Wu of Han. At the age of 56, he was again entrusted with a diplomatic mission, which he carried out successfully by forging diplomatic and trade connections with multiple Western nations, bringing back critical intelligence and supplies.
After Zhang Qian paved the way for the first Silk Road to the Western Regions, it continued to grow across the eras, ultimately bridging Europe and Asia through land and sea, transforming into a crucial pipeline for the exchange of culture and trade.
Other than handicrafts, plants, animals, and materials, scientific knowledge, literature and art, and religious and philosophical ideas were also widely exchanged and spread along the Silk Road.j
According to legend, Chinese characters originated in ancient times, when a historian named Cang Jie observed the details of the natural world and created a set of symbols inspired by these patterns.
Over thousands of years, Chinese characters evolved from concrete to abstract forms and from complex to simplified strokes, eventually becoming what we see today.
Peking Opera is one of China's many traditional theatrical arts, embodying a unique dramatic culture that blends the strengths of other styles.
The use of colors to distinguish the virtues, vices, beauty, and flaws of characters isn't unique to Peking Opera, but the emotions these colors express transcend cultures, eras, and borders, touching the hearts of those who admire beauty.x
Wu Zetian, founder of the Wu Zhou dynasty, stands as the only woman officially acknowledged in Chinese history as an empress regnant.
After Emperor Gaozong of Tang's death, she employed strategies such as encouraging informants, deploying secret police, and eliminating close associates to ruthlessly suppress the court nobles who had served under her predecessor.
Upon ascending the throne, Wu Zetian adopted the newly created Chinese character "
" as her name. The upper part, "
" (sun) and "
" (moon), combined with the lower "
" (sky), symbolizes the sun and moon shining brightly in the heavens, illuminating the world.
The imperial examination system was a method of selecting government officials through rigorous exams. Its merit lay in its theoretically egalitarian approach, offering even those from the humblest of origins with a chance to change their destinies. However, over time, the system gave rise to inhumane practices and increasingly superficial and utilitarian standards, sparking widespread criticism and controversy.
Confucius was the founder and representative figure of the Confucian school of philosophy during the Spring and Autumn period, and made significant contributions to education. He led his many students on a journey across various states for over a decade, spreading his ideas on topics such as personal conduct, governance, and scholarly study.
His ideas were embraced by rulers in subsequent eras, and his respected status among the people made him a revered sage in many hearts.
This ancient mural was painted in Cave 257 of the Mogao Caves in Dunhuang. Located at the crossroads of Eastern and Western cultures, the city of Dunhuang was renowned for its murals and their distinctive style. This mural, "Story of the Nine-Colored Deer King", even adopts a "non-chronological" approach, breaking the rules of linear narrative by placing the scene of the Deer King accusing the king at the center. Everything culminates in this single moment, revealing an intricate and deliberate composition.
Aside from eating tangyuan during the Lantern Festival, zongzi for the Dragon Boat Festival, and mooncakes for the Mid-Autumn Festival, Chinese people also enjoy dumplings during the Spring Festival, spring rolls on the Start of Spring, green rice balls for the Qingming Festival, Chongyang cake on the Double Ninth Festival, and Laba congee during the Laba Festival... With so many festivals and delicious treats, it's a real feast for the taste buds!/
Ancient Egypt, Japan, Turkey... The cultures of the world have forever adored cats. People from different countries and regions have their own unique ways of expressing love for these soft and adorable creatures.
China's long literary history has inspired poetic expressions of good wishes through cats.
In ancient China, scholars who became officials often faced demotions or exile. These talented yet disheartened individuals, faced with an unbearable life, would often turn to poetry to express their sorrow.
Su Dongpo, however, took an entirely different route by delving into the world of cuisine. He even penned a poem based on his culinary experience: "An Ode to Pork." It's clear this dish was one of his most satisfying creations.
The imperial edict was exquisitely crafted, with flawless calligraphy. From a modern perspective, it not only held political value but also great artistic and collectible worth.
The emperor of China holds a high position, and from a young age, he is trained in various skills, such as calligraphy, poetry, and foreign languages. After ascending to the throne, the heavy burden of state affairs presses down on him every moment
this is far from an easy job.
For many, the Spring Festival is a time to cast aside troubles and begin anew. Whether the last year was filled with joy or trials, it's now behind you. As the firecrackers light up the New Year, may you look forward with renewed hope and step joyfully into what lies ahead.
Sun Tzu's Art of War is China's most famous ancient military text and one of the earliest works of its kind. Its strategies for warfare, personal conduct, and life remain relevant even today./
Zhuge Liang, whether in real history or fiction, has always been portrayed as a resourceful and loyal prime minister. Although the Romance of the Three Kingdoms embellishes his achievements, it doesn't diminish his legacy of dedicating himself entirely to the state of Shu Han, even to his dying breath.
This silk painting was unearthed from the ancient tomb of Lady Xin Zhui, placed atop the lid of her inner coffin. It depicts the underground, earthly, and celestial realms, illustrating Lady Xin Zhui's journey to immortality.C
The Great Wall stands as a marvel of architecture that is renowned across the world, and was once even claimed to be "the only man-made structure visible from the moon." Although such a statement is clearly exaggerated, any tourist who has seen the Great Wall with their own eyes is awestruck by its extraordinary presence.
In ancient times, legends say that Emperor Yu of Xia divided the Chinese territory into nine provinces and cast a bronze vessel to symbolize these provinces. To this day, the ding vessel remains a treasured symbol of Chinese civilization.=
Near Emperor Qin Shi Huang's mausoleum, three pits cover over 20,000 square meters, containing approximately 7400 human and horse terracotta figures, along with countless chariots and bronze weapons. The emperor began this massive project from the moment of his ascension, planning for conquest even in the afterlife.&
Demigods with horse bodies, monsters part chicken and part serpent, and frost-dwelling deer-headed ogres... The imagination of the ancients has created a fascinating and whimsical world for future generations. Each era has added its own unique contributions to this timeless, fantastical realm.
Originating in China almost three millennia ago, Go later found its way to Korea and Japan, where it flourished. To this day, talented players from around the world continue to excel at the game.
Over time, Mahjong has grown to embrace a variety of regional styles across China and has become a beloved game internationally. Despite its variations, at its heart the game remains same: players try to form specific combinations of tiles, like constructing a poker hand.
Liubo is one of China's oldest board games, once so popular during the Warring States period that it overshadowed Go. Unfortunately, the rules of this game have been lost, and it has not achieved the global popularity of Go or Mahjong.J
Cao Cao, who valued talent, tried to persuade Guan Yu to join him but respected his loyalty to Liu Bei. Guan Yu, for his part, remained loyal to Liu Bei while repaying Cao Cao's kindness through repeated acts of service. This legendary bond has been recorded in historical accounts and dramatized in Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
The dragon's nine sons, each gifted with their own special abilities, represent a life of joy and purpose that many of us would aspire to.
Carp, with their graceful movements, have long been a favorite subject for Chinese ink painters, evoking the artistry of flowing brushstrokes. Can you see the shadow of a dragon in their form?
The Classic of Mountains and Seas describes a vast world where gods and mythical beasts live in harmony. Today you'll see just a glimpse of the great wilderness, but I bet you're eager to explore the rest of its hidden wonders!D
Which literary works by these commanders can be found in the Museum?;
What zodiac-themed avatar frames are available in the game?B
What bronze vessel-themed avatar frames are available in the game?D
Which avatar frame in the game features ceramics from the Silk Road?^
Aside from Cao Cao, which commander in the game is depicted with a white face in Peking Opera?\
Unlike Wu Zetian, one commander inscribed his name 58 times on his great column. Who was he?C
Which avatar frames in the game feature Dragon Boat Festival foods?>
Which city theme relates to ancient Chinese celestial legends?3
Which commander became famous for cauldron lifting?E
Which museum relic bears witness to the tales of Cao Cao and Guan Yu??
A certain part of this building is associated with that sage...@
Some commanders are accompanied by an ancient Chinese character.B
Wu Zetian's use of this character is immortalized in her monument.&
What is Sun Tzu's most important work?E
Guan Yu has a skill tied to Cao Cao, but do you know which one it is?
City Tavern
Hot Topicf
As Joan of Arc entered the tavern, she was greeted by the sound of many commanders talking animatedly.C
Haha! Father of Conquest? Turns out you're just a meek little lamb!,
Hmph! No wonder you're as stubborn as an ox!S
I was born in the Year... of the Horse? Wow! The noblest and most agile of animals!(
Your grace, what are they talking about?R
Joan, come see the zodiac chart Zhuge Liang just put together. When were you born?w
Let me see... the Year of the Dragon? I've heard Mulan say that in China, the dragon is a powerful and divine creature.b
Wow, very impressive, Joan of Arc! The dragon is the only mythical creature in the Chinese Zodiac!
In front of the academy
A World Full of Disciples
One afternoon, the governor and Sun Tzu attended a lecture together at the Academy. As they walked out the door, Sun Tzu suddenly stopped, turned around, and gazed at the statue in front of them.v
Master... your idea of "teaching without discrimination" is known by kings and great figures, both ancient and modern.
"Master"... Could he mean...+
The governor carefully examined the statue.T
I'd never noticed before. Could this statue be the legendary philosopher, Confucius?e
It was only after today's lecture that I realized Master's scholarly thought had already spread here.
It's unfortunate that before arriving here, I was so absorbed in military strategies that I never had the chance to meet him...%
Huangzhou, inside a dilapidated house
Fine food heals my heart
One ordinary morning in 1080 CE
Exiled to Huangzhou, the renowned literary figure Su Dongpo had been feeling weary and disheartened. Recently, he began exploring the art of cooking.
Su Dongpo
This excellent Huangzhou pork, with the ideal mix of fat and lean meat, is something the wealthy would never touch, while the poor don't know how to cook it. What a pity!X
If I improve on the recipes of the past, maybe I can make everyone fall in love with it.
Let me think... I'll cut the meat into small cubes and tie them up with cotton string. That will make it easier to absorb the flavors.
Next, I'll add a layer of ginger and spring onions for extra aroma, and use huadiao wine, soy sauce, and sugar for seasoning. Alright, now it's ready to stew.
Two hours later...\
I'm starving... But I need to stew it for a few more hours to make the meat soft and tender.
Beneath the city's trees
Hand of God
One afternoon, Cao Cao spotted Choe Yeong and Takeda Shingen sitting silently at a stone table under the shade of the trees, their heads bowed in deep concentration.
Curious, Cao Cao approached. On the table lay a Go board, with Choe Yeong's white stones pushed to the brink by Shingen's black stones.)
(This pattern... it looks so familiar...)a
The white stones were on the verge of defeat, yesterday's failed moves coming back to haunt them.+
Wait, there must be a way to turn the tide!S
(I see now...These two generals are reenacting yesterday's battle on the Go board.)*
Would you allow me to offer a humble move?
Please!
Cao Cao picked up a white stone and placed it on the third line of the board. After a moment of thought, the other two men nodded in understanding.
A fine move. With this, two white stones can form a split, and by choosing a wedge in the next move, the deadlock transforms into both an offensive and defensive position.I
Your reputation for mastery in Go is well-deserved, Cao Cao! I am in awe!e
Haha, you flatter me! It's been years since I last played a move and I'm more than a little rusty....:
Which commander is called the "Father of Literary Reform"?5
Do you know which color of makeup represents Guan Yu?K
Which of the following is the traditional food for the Mid-Autumn Festival?@
Breaking News: An unknown army has surrounded the city at night!P
[Lost Kingdom] Warlords from various states have gathered here, ready to attack.h
[Defeat] Following a miserable campaign, your commander returns with the tattered remnants of your army.?
Who among the dragon's nine offspring pursued a calling to law?W
I heard this leader was a master strategist, a skilled ruler, and a champion of talent.Z
Guan Yu? He's a paragon of courage and loyalty, and his fiery spirit demands a bold color.k
Chief, the Mid-Autumn Festival is a time for moon gazing. Just picture the bright, round moon in the sky...<
Your excellency, how should we handle the current situation?S
According to Sun Tzu, what should you prioritize when confronting the enemy states?3
In the face of defeat, what measures will you take?F
When wielding justice, an imposing presence keeps wrongdoers in check!
Zhuge Liang
Famous Work: "Chu Shi Biao". Zhuge Liang wrote many official documents, personal letters, and other works, yet "Chu Shi Biao" addressed to Liu Shan, the ruler of Shu Han, stands out as a masterpiece. Zhuge Liang's words express his unwavering loyalty and highlight the deep bond he shared with Liu Bei, the previous ruler. The work's emotional depth and profound insights have made it one of the most celebrated pieces of classical Chinese prose.
Cao Cao
Famous Work: "Though the Tortoise Lives Long". Cao Cao broke new ground in literature, penning poetry, essays, and critiques. His works often explored current events and personal ideals, written in a bold, matter-of-fact style that breathed new life into traditional forms. As the leader of the Jian'an literary movement, he reshaped the era's cultural landscape, with the modern writer Lu Xun praising him as the "Father of Literary Reform".
Sun Tzu
Famous Work: "Art of War". Sun Tzu, one of the most iconic figures of the Spring and Autumn Period, is celebrated as a peerless military strategist. His "Art of War" is a concise and sharply logical guide that continues to shape countless disciplines, even thousands of years later.
Huo Qubing*
Famous Work: "Ballad of the Qin". Huo Qubing, a legendary general of the Western Han Dynasty, led military campaigns in his youth to defend the empire's borders. His deep love for his country inspired him to write "Ballad of the Qin", a heartfelt poem expressing his dreams of peace and prosperity.
Liu CheC
Famous Work: "The Autumn Wind". Emperor Wu of Han, Liu Che, was not only a powerful ruler but also a gifted poet. During a river outing after a ceremonial ritual, he was struck by the beauty of autumn and composed "The Autumn Wind", a timeless piece known for its vivid depiction of time's transience and enduring elegance.
Red face makeup
Guan Yu is the most famous red-faced character in Peking Opera. Red symbolizes loyalty, bravery, and unyielding moral integrity, traits associated with bold and righteous characters.
White face makeupo
White represents cunning, suspicion, and scheming traits. Cao Cao is the most well-known white-faced character.
Blue face makeup
Characters with blue facial makeup are often temperamental, bold, and reckless. Xiahou Dun, a general under Cao Cao, is represented with a blue face in Peking Opera.
Gold face makeupt
Gold makeup is often used for divine or celestial characters, such as Erlang Shen and Buddha in Journey to the West.
Tangyuan
This is the traditional food of the Lantern Festival. Tangyuan originated in Ningbo, Zhejiang Province. It's a tasty treat made of glutinous rice stuffed with fillings like black sesame or lard and shaped into a ball. Its round shape symbolizes reunion and completeness.
Zongzib
This is the traditional food of the Dragon Boat Festival. Zongzi originated in Jiangsu Province. They are made of glutinous rice stuffed with ingredients like meat, red bean paste, or salted egg yolk, wrapped in bamboo or reed leaves into tetrahedral or conical shapes, then boiled. Across China, zongzi come in a wide variety of ingredients and flavors.
Candied Hawthorng
This isn't tied to a specific festival but is popular in winter. Originating in Beijing and Tianjin, traditional candied hawthorn is made by hollowing out hawthorn fruits, skewering them on wooden sticks, and coating them with a layer of syrup that hardens when cooled. Nowadays, strawberries, apples, and tomatoes are also commonly used in place of hawthorn.
Mooncake
This is the traditional food of the Mid-Autumn Festival. Originally, mooncakes were a common dessert but became associated with the festival during the Ming dynasty. Today, mooncakes come in all forms, with differences in shape, flavor, and preparation across regions. The most common type is the Beijing-style mooncake, which features a mix of fillings encased in a water-oil dough, pressed with patterned molds, and baked to a dark finish.5
Deploy the troops immediately! We must wipe them out!8
Your excellency, let's not act rashly. Think it through!8
Open the city gates, burn incense, and summon the bards!8
You've been listening to Zhuge Liang's nonsense again...D
We'll hold our ground and send scouts to collect intelligence first.j
"Know thy enemy and know yourself; in a hundred battles, you will never be defeated" What a wise strategy!-
Strategy > Diplomacy > Field Battles > Sieges
As the saying goes, "The greatest generals attack plans, the next best attack fractures. Worse generals attack armies, the worst attack cities."-
Diplomacy > Strategy > Field Battles > Siegesl
The political situation among the states is unclear; it's unwise to interfere in their diplomatic relations.-
Field Battles > Sieges > Strategy > DiplomacyD
Acting rashly without any plan will only lead to unnecessary losses.
Punish this reckless commander!@
Think carefully! Too harsh a punishment may alienate the troops.)
Select a more suitable commander to lead.w
Correct. "The clever combatant looks to the effect of combined energy, and does not require too much from individuals."E
We cannot afford to lose morale
launch a counterattack immediately.X
Victory and defeat are natural in warfare; a single setback cannot disrupt our strategy.
The fourth son
The fourth son of the dragon, named "Pulao", lives by the sea and loves to roar. However, the pulao is terrified of whales and cries loudly whenever it sees one. Thus, its job is to perch atop bronze bells, amplifying their sound when it sees the whale-shaped bell striker.
The sixth son
The sixth son, named "Bixi", resembles a tortoise and takes pride in carrying heavy objects. Because of this, it found its calling in bearing massive stone steles. Legend says the bixi even helped Yu the Great control floods in ancient times.
The ninth son&
The ninth son, named "Chiwen", with its fish-like tail and a tenacious bite, also possesses the unique ability to spray water, making it the ideal guardian against fires. The chiwen is often depicted biting the roof ridges of palaces and temples, ready to extinguish fires at a moment's notice.
The seventh son
The seventh son, named "Bian", resembles a tiger and is fiercely loyal. Its greatest passion is resolving disputes and ensuring that justice is carried out. As such, its image often decorates prisons and judicial buildings.
The wisdom of stratagems
The saying "Know thy enemy and know yourself" originates from The Art of War, and implies that it is intelligence that determines the outcome of a battle. A commander must understand their own army while also understanding the enemy, thereby increasing the chances of victory.
"The highest form of generalship is to ruin the enemy's plans, the next best is to disrupt their alliances by diplomacy. The next in order is to attack the enemy's army in the field, and the worst policy of all is to besiege walled cities." From The Art of War, the chapter on "Attack by Stratagem", this passage outlines the hierarchy of strategies, with an emphasis on achieving the greatest victory at the smallest cost. The preferred approach is to gather intelligence and win bloodlessly, while costly sieges should be the last resort.
"The clever combatant looks to the effect of combined energy, and does not require too much from individuals. Hence his ability to pick out the right men and utilize combined energy." From The Art of War, the chapter on Maneuvering, this passage states that leaders should create favorable conditions rather than solely relying on their subordinates. The right talents in the right situations often leads to greater success.
Join China's commanders and appreciate the artistry of bronze artifacts. 
I've seen this somewhere before!
Bronze Five-Pillar VesselN
This looks familiar, doesn't it? But it's definitely not what you think! Even archaeologists back in the day were baffled by its function and took years to figure it out. It turned out to be a "wishing pot" from the Western Zhou period over 2700 years ago, used in sacrifices to pray for a prosperous population and endless blessings.#
An ice vessel for storing fine wine
Bronze Ice Vessel
Yes, it's exactly what you think it is... or, well, kind of! This is a vessel used to hold wine. It has a hollow interior with a thick layer separating the inner and outer sections, designed to store ice and snow from the winter. A square wine pot is placed at the center, and a small spoon is used to dispense wine, allowing friends to sip refreshing, chilled wine during summer gatherings.
Look at its front!
Bronze Galloping Horseh
This bronze horse comes from the Eastern Han period and is known as the "Galloping Horse Treading on a Flying Swallow". It originally belonged to a family tomb of a general named Zhang, and was part of a bronze chariot and horse burial set. The single horse leaps gracefully in front of the army. However, its front-facing design is rather... hard to describe.H
Follow Zhang Zeduan's brushstrokes and journey through ancient Bianjing!
Camels by the city gate?*
The appearance of camels in central China at the time is not unusual at all. The Silk Road, an international trade route connecting China with the west, had already been established. It's likely that these camels came with merchants from the west looking to trade in Bianjing (present-day Kaifeng).
Watch out for the mast!
The Bian River is crowded with boats coming and going, bringing the waterway to life! This river was a vital transportation route connecting central China and the southern regions, with merchants and passengers travelling frequently. The boat in the picture is about to pass under a bridge, but it hasn't lowered its mast in time and is on the verge of crashing into the bridge. The people on board are frantically trying to avoid the collision, while onlookers rush to the scene to watch as the drama unfolds.
The perils of prosperity
Fire once posed a major threat to the residents of ancient cities, prompting the Northern Song rulers to implement strict fire safety measures in Bianjing, such as strategically placing firewatch towers. Below each tower, there were fire-fighting units stationed to monitor and respond to fires. However, in the painting, the firewatch tower is empty, and the barracks below has been converted into a restaurant. Could a disaster be brewing?
Faces of the city's residents
The painting's richness lies in its varied cast of characters, each representing a unique profession with vivid personalities, bringing them to life even in stillness. For instance, this man, accompanied by a servant, seems to be a respectable figure, yet he's holding something in front of his face. Why? The object is called a "bian mian", a popular fan in the Song Dynasty that people would use to hide their faces when they didn't want to meet someone, sparing them from embarrassment. 
Excerpts from Zhang Qian's DiaryC
Heads may roll, blood may spill, but the Han seal must not be lost.r
Today marks the 1,284th day since we were captured by the Xiongnu, and each day is more unbearable than the last. Why wasn't I more cautious? At least I still have the Han seal. Every day, I secretly take it out and look at it
it's the only comfort I have in this wretched place... As long as I hold it, I can still muster the courage to believe I am a faithful envoy..
The breathtaking steeds of the Western Regions
It feels as though we escaped the Xiongnu just days ago. We arrived in Dayuan yesterday and received a gracious reception from the king. Today, I'm determined to take a much-needed rest. This morning, my wife, child, and I went to the market, where we saw a breathtaking horse. Its sweat glistened like blood, and it could cover a thousand miles in a single day. Incredible! I thought to myself, how great it would be if I could bring one of these back to Chang'an?.
In Bactria, I was brought back to earlier daysT
Yesterday afternoon, while I was investigating the streets of Bactria, I was surprised to find that someone was selling wares from Sichuan! When I asked, he said they were bought from the neighboring Sindhu Kingdom. After so many years abroad, just seeing these goods brought tears to my eyes. But when were these items ever sold to Sindhu?
Captured again!
Oh... I had hoped the return journey would be smoother, but I've been captured by the Xiongnu again. When will this end? Though I still have the Han seal, only two people remain from the diplomatic delegation, and my mission remains incomplete... Still, I've escaped once before and I'll escape again! I must survive to report everything I've seen in the Western Regions to His Majesty!)
Four Popular Commodities on the Silk Road
Ceramics
By the 8th century, Chinese ceramics found their way across the globe through the Maritime Silk Road. Though fragile and heavy, making them ill-suited for land transport, they served as excellent ballast on sea voyages and quickly became one of the most coveted handicrafts. The Ming era saw the creation of custom porcelain bearing coats of arms, known as "armorial ware", commissioned by foreign companies and families.
Silk
The very name of the Silk Road is a testament to how valuable of a commodity silk was. A fabric that originated in China during the Neolithic period, ancient people domesticated silkworms and weaved their silk into beautiful and intricate patterns. Because sericulture technology was so incredible to foreigners, they came up with various fantastical theories about how silk was made. Some Romans even believed that silk was woven from tree leaves!
Purebred horses'
Horses have always been important companions for production, transportation, trade, and warfare in countries across Eurasia. However, ancient China lacked the superior breeds of other regions, making imported horses from Central Asia, Mongolia, and even Europe highly valued by Chinese emperors.
Agricultural commodities
Chinese cuisine has flourished for millennia, largely due to its diversity of ingredients. In fact, many common ingredients in Chinese home cooking
such as carrots, chili peppers, onions, and popular fruits like grapes, pomegranates, and watermelons
were all brought to China along the Silk Road! Meanwhile, China also exported its own agricultural commodities, including tea, which became beloved in Britain.a
Look at how the characters for "mountain", "insect", and "moon" are written in different scripts.
Oracle bone script
This script originated around 1500 BCE during the Shang Dynasty, and was used by the royal court for divination and record-keeping. It was typically engraved on turtle shells or animal bones, hence its name.
Seal script
Developed during the Warring States period around the 5th century BCE, this script was standardized and widely used across China after Emperor Qin Shi Huang unified the six states and standardized writing across the empire.
Clerical script
This style emerged at the transition between the Qin and Han Dynasties. The gradual shift from seal script to clerical script is known as the "libian", or "clerical transformation". At this stage, the modern Chinese character began to take shape.
Regular script
Born during the late Han and Three Kingdoms period, this script was fully developed around the 6th century during the Sui and Tang Dynasties. Today, regular script is the most commonly used style in Chinese calligraphy. Its horizontal strokes are precise, and its vertical strokes are upright, creating a square and structured appearance that defines the world's image of Chinese characters.
Cursive script
This style emerged in the early Han Dynasty as a more efficient way to write clerical script. Known for its wild, flowing, and artistic beauty, Cursive script is harder to read compared to regular script.3
Why did Wu Zetian choose a blank stele for herself?
Imitating predecessors
Even before Wu Zetian, there was already a blank stele on Mount Tai. Some speculate that it was erected by Qin Shi Huang to symbolize his "book-burning and scholar-burying" campaign. Wu Zetian might have imitated this gesture to align her achievements with those of Qin Shi Huang. However, scholars are unable to prove when or by whom the blank stele was erected, nor can they establish any definitive connection to Qin Shi Huang.
A guilty conscienceK
Some believe Wu Zetian was aware of her questionable actions during her reign
employing secret police, breaking rituals, and ruling with a capricious hand
and felt ashamed. They suggest that she may have used the blank stele as a sort of atonement. While this explanation has some merit, it is undeniable that Wu Zetian's accomplishments, such as appointing capable officials, stabilizing borders, boosting economic development, and ensuring peace and prosperity during her reign, far outweigh her missteps. As an emperor, her achievements remain far more noteworthy than her faults.
A choice by her successorh
Others believe that the blank stele was arranged by Wu Zetian's son, Emperor Zhongzong of Tang. He may have been unsure whether to address her as "Empress Dowager" or "Empress", thus avoiding any inscription altogether. Another theory is that Wu Zetian's son harbored resentment toward his mother and chose not to record her life and achievements on the stele.
Let others judge by themselves
One tale suggests Wu Zetian's dying wish was: "Let my merits and faults be judged by future generations." If this was her true intention, erecting a blank stele was her way of gracefully practicing this philosophy. Among all the theories, this is perhaps the most romantic. Regardless, Wu Zetian remains the most iconic empress in Chinese history, and her life itself was a legendary tale.;
To pass the imperial exams, mere hard work wasn't enough...
Choosing the right exam seat
At the center of the exam grounds was a courtyard surrounded by rows of tiny stall-like cubicles. These cubicles were the exam seats where candidates were confined for several days. In summer, the nearby toilets would release an overwhelming stench, earning certain cubicles the nickname "stink cells." Incidents of candidates fainting or falling ill due to the stench were not uncommon, and many lamented the wasted efforts of their youth.
Life and death in the exam hall
During the stricter eras of the imperial examination, such as the Qing Dynasty, cheating could be punishable by death. To prevent cheating, candidates were required to wear thin garments, even in the bitter cold of winter. Many fell ill, some even dying during the exam. In one incident, a fire broke out when a proctor lit a fire for warmth. The locked doors of the exam cubicles trapped over 90 candidates, who perished in the flames.#
A history of substitute test takers
In more lenient times, exam hall "substitutes" found lucrative opportunities, taking exams on behalf of others. The Tang Dynasty, for example, was a particularly relaxed period. One famous scholar, Wen Tingyun, known for his intelligence and vast knowledge, was often called upon. On one occasion, he allegedly passed answers to eight other candidates through subtle signals and whispered hints, all while seated directly across from the chief examiner.
Even officials faced danger
Cheating scandals could also endanger examiners. During the Qing Dynasty, an examiner named Yu Hongtu was sentenced to death after his concubine unknowingly leaked exam questions.(
Aren't these metaphors incredibly vivid!
"Dragging a spear in the snow"
Used to describe a cat with pure white fur, except for a black tail. In ancient times, such cats were prized by high-ranking officials and nobles, believed to bring great talent to the family.
"Golden quilt on a silver bed"
Refers to cats with orange backs and white fur on their belly, legs, and paws. The name captures both their color and the image of their soft, fluffy fur.
"Dark clouds above the snow"q
Describes cats with black fur on the head, back, and tail, while the chin, neck, belly, legs, and paws are white.
"The general's seal"
Refers to solid-colored cats (black or white) with a distinct patch of fur on their head. Originally, the definition referred to yellow fur, but this was so rare that it was later expanded to include white cats with black fur on their heads.R
Forging an imperial edict could have been even harder than kidnapping the emperor!
Craftsmanship beyond imitation
An imperial edict is made of a scroll and fabric. The material of the scroll is chosen based on the rank of the minister receiving the edict, while the fabric is made of the finest and rarest silk. The different-colored materials are woven together with a gradient effect, with nearly invisible stitching. The edict is then embroidered with evenly scattered clouds, highlighting superb craftsmanship that is nearly impossible to replicate.
Special anti-forgery marksA
The format of the edict also includes many details. For example, the first character at the beginning of the edict must be placed on the first patterned cloud in the top right corner. By the late Qing Dynasty, the ink on the seal at the end of the edict even contained an anti-forgery watermark, visible only under light.)
Masterfully written in multiple languagesB
The Qing Dynasty was a melting pot of ethnicities, and the emperor would often use two to three different languages when writing edicts. Sometimes, the edict would even be written by the best calligraphers in the country, resulting in something that was impossible for anyone else to replicate, whether in form or content.
Zhuge Liang, come clean!"
Borrowing arrows with straw boats?
According to the Romance of the Three Kingdoms, during the Battle of Red Cliffs, Zhuge Liang deliberately sent straw-filled boats into the enemy's firing range. After the enemy rained volleys into these decoys, Zhuge Liang collected the arrows they fired for his own use. However, in reality, Zhuge Liang didn't take part in this battle, and similar "arrow-borrowing" strategies were used by other generals throughout history.,
Inventing the "wooden ox and flowing horse"?
Historical records indicate that Zhuge Liang developed two devices for transporting heavy loads on land, known as the "wooden ox" and "flowing horse." However, these devices were likely wheelbarrows with gears and levers rather than resembling actual oxen or horses.
The "Empty Fortress Strategem"?,
In the Romance of the Three Kingdoms, faced with overwhelming enemy forces and a weakened city defense, Zhuge Liang created an illusion of calm by playing the zither on the city wall, successfully intimidating the enemy into retreating. Unfortunately, this story, while entertaining, is pure fiction.
Angering Zhou Yu to death?J
In the Romance of the Three Kingdoms, the state of Wu's strategist Zhou Yu is depicted as petty and jealous, repeatedly outwitted by Zhuge Liang's clever schemes until he falls gravely ill and dies. However, historical records suggest Zhou Yu was a benevolent figure and died of illness during a military campaign, not from anger.0
The Great Wall is more than just a pretty sight!"
Constructed to defend the homeland
In 770 BCE, the earliest sections of the Great Wall were constructed to bolster the defenses of various feudal states. During the Qin Dynasty, Emperor Qin Shi Huang, who unified central China, invested a massive amount of resources and manpower into expanding the wall as a defense against Xiongnu invasions. Later dynasties continued to use the Great Wall as a military stronghold to fend off external enemies, furthering its construction.
Built with blood and tears
While the Great Wall is an engineering miracle, its construction wrought immense suffering upon the common people. Emperor Qin Shi Huang mobilized one-twentieth of the entire nation's population for this arduous project, with many people dying from hunger, exhaustion, and disease during its construction. Such cruel circumstances were not uncommon throughout each phase of its construction.
Flexible material sourcing`
The wall's extraordinary length spans all kinds of terrain, so how were materials transported? Simple: By using the local resources! When natural conditions permitted, builders would fire bricks in kilns; in areas with loess deposits, they would use compacted earth; and in desert regions, they would combine reed and tamarisk branches with sandy soil.
Swift military communicationsX
Beacon towers, an even more ancient military structure, were found along the Great Wall in all shapes and sizes, always rising above the wall to allow soldiers to keep watch. At night, soldiers who detected enemy movements would light the tower's flame, with neighboring towers quickly noticing and passing on the signal along the massive wall.b
The ding vessel, one of the most significant artifacts in ancient China, had a wide range of uses.
Nourishing the massesr
The history of using clay ding vessels for cooking dates back to the Stone Age. After bronze technology emerged, they were frequently used for cooking, storing seasonings, and preserving food. This practical use determined the ding vessel's design: a wide "belly", a "lid" for maintaining heat or preserving freshness, "ears" for easy handling, and "feet" for elevation.!
Spiritual and political symbolisme
Many ancient Chinese cooking vessels also served ritual purposes, and the ding vessel was no exception. It was widely used in religious sacrifices and as a symbol of political power. The number and craftsmanship of ding vessels varied according to social class
explaining why the character "ding" frequently appears in the Chinese language and its idioms.
A beloved athletic marvel
Cauldron lifting originated in the Warring States period as a popular weightlifting sport, both in the royal court and common society. Since the ding cauldron symbolized power, responsibility, and virtue, lifting a ding high represented the ability to bear great responsibilities.
A brutal punishment
Historically, there was a cruel punishment called "Death by Boiling" where a person would be boiled alive in a large ding vessel, an incredibly brutal process. The vessel used to administer this punishment was a "huo", which was essentially a cauldron with no "feet".@
Admiring this collection no longer requires imperial permission.
Engraved names?
The Terracotta Army is immense in scale, and beyond its creation, quality inspection was a monumental task. At the time, there was a rule called "engraving the craftsman's name," requiring each artisan to leave their name on the figurine they crafted. This allowed for accountability during quality checks. Even today, if you examine the figurines closely, you'll find such markings.
A "general's belly"?
These imposing warrior figurines, with their rounded stomachs, might seem unkempt by today's standard. However, these "general's bellies" were a result of the soldiers' drinking habits, as they often consumed large quantities of alcohol before and after battle.
Crafted from living models?f
The Terracotta Warriors are purely works of craftsmanship. Despite their lifelike and varied appearances, none were modeled after real individuals. Qin Shi Huang's demand for these clay figures wasn't about realism but rather idealized perfection. In his vision, these soldiers needed only to accompany him in conquest, without possessing real personalities.
The green-faced warrior?[
Among the many figurines, one stands out from the rest with its striking green face. After determining through modern techniques that the color was intentional, scholars began speculating about its meaning. Some suggest it represents a distinct ethnicity or foreign origin, while others argue it was actually war paint meant to intimidate enemies.
They'd definitely get along!
Fenghuang vs. Phoenix
In Chinese mythology, the phoenix is the king of all birds, with the male called "Feng" and the female "Huang." Adorned with colorful feathers, they symbolize peace and harmony. The western phoenix, on the other hand, may have originated from the Bennu of ancient Egypt. These creatures were believed to self-immolate when near death, only to rise again from the flames, with both being rooted in ancient civilizations' worship of the sun.
Jiaoren vs. MermaidW
In Chinese folklore, the Jiaoren are skilled merfolk weavers whose tears crystallize into pearls. Just one drop of their oil can light a lamp for thousands of years. In Western lore, mermaids
another form of merfolk
are commonly linked to floods, shipwrecks, and calamity. Their images often feature in European heraldry and coats of arms.
Xiezhi vs. Unicorn
In Chinese legend, the xiezhi is a mythical creature resembling a deer, with a single horn and cloven hooves. It is found near water and is revered as a divine beast for its ability to discern right from wrong. The unicorn, a horse-like creature with a single long horn, is a symbol of purity, elegance, and magic in Western mythology, and a staple of fantastical romance tales across the ages.
Ying Zhao vs. Centaur
In Chinese mythology, the Ying Zhao is a celestial being with a human face, a horse's body, tiger-striped skin, and bird wings, tasked with guarding gardens for the celestial emperor. The centaur, a creature from Greek mythology, has the upper body of a man and the lower body of a horse. Though typically portrayed as unruly and fond of drinking, Chiron is an exception, known for his wisdom and role as a mentor to legendary heroes.>
Mahjong tiles are grouped based on their patterns and symbols.
Circle tiles
These tiles feature circular patterns numbered one through nine, which are said to be modeled after the lids of ancient grain storage bins. Over time, their resemblance to a certain breakfast treat earned them the nickname "pancakes."
Bamboo tiles
These tiles display long, stick-like patterns numbered one through nine, resembling strings. Interestingly, the first bamboo tile is often depicted with a bird perched on a branch.
Character tiles
These tiles are numbered from one to nine, each marked with the character "wan" (ten thousand). Together with dots and bamboo, they form the trio known as the "number tiles."
Honor tiles
Character tiles come in two types. The first type, "wind tiles," features the characters for the cardinal directions: East, South, West, and North. The second type, "arrow tiles," includes three designs: one with the character "
" (center), another with "
" (prosper), and a third with a blank rectangle. There's a theory that these represent archery concepts
hitting the target, firing the arrow, and missing. However, the interpretation of "
" as prosperity has gained wider acceptance in modern times.
Flower tilesK
This category includes eight tiles representing the four seasons
Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter
and the "Four Gentlemen" of Chinese flowers: plum, orchid, bamboo, and chrysanthemum. Each tile is usually adorned with its seasonal plant, though different eras and cultures have sometimes replaced these designs with other motifs.
Have you ever heard of Liubo?
The story behind Liubo
The ancient game is set around a square pond inhabited by two fish. Players take on the roles of birds competing to capture these fish.
Layout of the board
The game board mirrors the taijitu, or yin-yang symbol, with a central square pond where the fish reside. L- and T-shaped pathways extend outward from the center, connecting to smaller squares at the four corners of the board where game pieces can also be placed.
Basic rulesa
Each player controls six pieces, typically marked in red and black or red and white, and use a casting tool to determine the number of steps their pieces can move. Three types of paths are available, and players score points by attacking their opponent's birds or capturing the fish. The winner is the player with the most points at the end of the game.c
Many of Guan Yu's legendary tales in the Romance of the Three Kingdoms are closely tied to Cao Cao.
The slaying of Hua Xiong
One of Guan Yu's legendary moments involves Cao Cao. During the campaign against Dong Zhuo, Hua Xiong, a powerful general, defeated three of Cao Cao's commanders. Guan Yu volunteered himself and asked for a bowl of warm wine before heading out. As the wine was being poured, Guan Yu declared, "Let it stay warm; I will return soon." True to his word, he defeated Hua Xiong and returned before the wine had cooled.%
Hanging the seal and sealing the goldU
After Liu Bei's army was defeated by Cao Cao, Liu Bei, Guan Yu, and Zhang Fei were separated. Cao Cao, recognizing Guan Yu's talents, persuaded him to surrender on the condition that Guan Yu could leave once he learned of Liu Bei's whereabouts. While serving under Cao Cao, Guan Yu distinguished himself in battle and was granted the title of Marquis of Hanshou upon Cao Cao's recommendation. However, when Guan Yu prepared to leave and rejoin Liu Bei, Cao Cao refused to meet with him. In response, Guan Yu sealed the gold he had received, hung the marquis's seal in the great hall, and departed.-
Crossing five passes and slaying six generals
After leaving Cao Cao, Guan Yu encountered five checkpoints on his way to Liu Bei. Without proper travel documents from Cao Cao, he encountered treachery at each checkpoint, leaving him no choice but to dispatch the six stationed generals.
Sparing Cao Cao at Huarong Pass6
After Cao Cao's forces were defeated at the Battle of Red Cliffs, they retreated along Huarong Pass but were intercepted by Guan Yu and his troops. To save his army, Cao Cao personally negotiated with Guan Yu, appealing to his loyalty. Remembering the favor Cao Cao had shown him, Guan Yu chose to release him.X
This little fish has a lot of responsibility on its shoulders. (Do fish have shoulders?)
A symbol of prosperityT
With their vivid colors and plump, rounded bodies, the ancient Chinese cherished carp as symbols of festivity and abundance. Today, they often appear in New Year prints accompanied by the phrase "
", meaning "May there be surplus every year," playing on the homophony between "
" (fish) and "
" (surplus). What a playful pun!
An everlasting bondn
Carp often symbolize enduring friendships and romantic ties, with classical literature likening harmonious marriages to "a carp that cannot live without water." Moreover, because of its tendency to swim underwater, the carp has also been associated with secrecy. In ancient times, carp-shaped wooden boxes were used to transport letters between confidants or lovers.
The leap of transformation
The most renowned legend about carp is without question "The Carp Leaping Over the Dragon's Gate." According to the tale, golden carp in the Yellow River would tirelessly try to leap over a gorge known as the Dragon's Gate. If successful, lightning would strike their tails, transforming them into dragons. Later, this challenging process became a metaphor for students studying hard, hoping to pass major exams.
A culinary delight{
Across China's expansive culinary landscape, various regions have developed unique methods for preparing carp. Starting from the Tang Dynasty, "tail-burning banquets" were held to celebrate examinees who achieved high marks, symbolizing carp leaping over the Dragon's Gate and burning their tails to become dragons. A well-prepared carp dish was an essential part of such feasts.
Are You Ready for the New Year?
Happy New Year!
Firecrackers
Red Packets
Pasting the "Fu" Character
Hanging Red LanternsU
Just as bitter medicine cures sickness, so unpalatable advice benefits one's conduct.W
A fine bird chooses a tree to nest in. A talented person chooses a patron of integrity.V
(Uh-oh, I spoke too loudly. Some commanders are giving me envious, jealous stares....)a
Don't fret... Maybe in the future, we might have the chance to hear him give a lecture ourselves!9
Story of the Nine-Colored Deer King
Chang Dai-chen (copy)
Evil Leads to RuinU
The Deer King strolled along the water's edge, when suddenly he heard a cry for help.
Drowning Man0
Help! Someone, please save me... *gurgle gurgle*
Deer King
I'm coming! Climb on my back!
The Deer King leaped into the water and carried the drowning man to shore. When the man came to his senses, he fell to his knees, thanking the Deer King for its kindness.q
There's no need for such gestures. I only ask one thing: once you leave this place, keep my whereabouts a secret.+
Of course! I will never speak a word of it!
But soon after, the queen dreamed of the beautiful Deer King, and the king issued a reward for its capture. The drowning man, lured by greed, rushed to the palace to inform the king.:
Your Majesty, I saw that deer by the water not long ago...
King8
Lead the way at once! I'll gather my men and follow you!^
The king's party, led by the drowning man, found the Deer King, filling its heart with sorrow.
Oh king of men, listen to my words. When this man's life was in danger, I saved him. Yet now, for the sake of gold and silver, he betrays me!>
To think such an ungrateful wretch exists! Guards, punish him!
Mercy, Your Majesty! Spare me!-
This time, don't expect me to save you again.
In the end, the drowning man was cursed for his ingratitude, his body covered in festering sores until he perished. The king, moved by the Deer King's words, decreed its protection throughout the realm.M
It's done! The aroma, the color, the texture... am I a genius in the kitchen?
Still, the battlefield is no mere game. Don't let yesterday's defeat weigh on you. Go teaches us not only strategy but also the value of cultivating our character.
According to legend, a cowherd and weaver girl fell in love but were punished to remain separated on opposite sides of the Milky Way, meeting only on the seventh day of the seventh lunar month each year. This is the romantic story the ancients crafted for the stars Altair and Vega.
The seal mentioned in the story "Hanging the Seal and Sealing the Gold" is the Seal of the Hanshou Tinghou, which actually existed in history.
Tradition
Creatures over the moon
Why did the ancients depict the moon with rabbits and toads? They drew inspiration from the shadowy shapes on its surface. This led to the belief that these animals were moon spirits, describing the moon as a "Toad Palace" and envisioning rabbits preparing elixirs of immortality.
Chang'e ascends to the moon
According to legend, Chang'e mistakenly drank an elixir of eternal life, which sent her soaring to the moon. She remains there, forever separated from the human realm, accompanied by the rabbit who tirelessly pounds the elixir of life.
The celestial emperor$
This deity takes a human form with a long, slender red serpent tail. Positioned at the highest point of the celestial realm, his status reflects his great authority. Scholars often identify him as Taiyi, the ancient celestial emperor, after whom the North Star was named by early astronomers.
The golden crow6
According to the ancients, the sun's spirit was embodied by a three-legged black crow. There were ten such crows, each taking turns to shine upon the earth, until one fateful day when they all appeared together, scorching the world. The hero Hou Yi saved humanity by shooting down nine of them with his arrows.
The fusang tree8
The Fusang Tree is said to reside in a magical land at the easternmost reaches of the world. Made up of two immense, entwined mulberry trees, it is the resting place of the Golden Crow, who rises with the sun every day. On the silk painting, the Fusang Tree bears eight fruits, representing the suns yet to rise.
"Bronzepunk"?
Bird-Shaped Ritual Vessel
This bird-shaped bronze wine vessel is quite deceptive in terms of its era. Can you believe it was created over 2500 years ago
back in a time without steam engines or gears? The beak, head, and body are all joined together using mortise-and-tenon structures, and the beak itself can even be lifted to pour wine. From the cleverness of its design to the fine and intricate patterns covering its surface, it's a marvel to behold.
A Depleted Zhang Qian
Wu Zetian's Blank Stele.
The Intricate Craftsmanship of Imperial Edicts
Kneeling Archer Figurine
Wooden Figurines Playing Liubo
One day, long, long ago...
The Great Wilderness (partial)
Xuan Snake
Among the great serpents here is the Xuan Snake, its name derived from the Chinese character "Xuan," which means "black.". It lives near the water and preys on a deer-like creature. Nearby, on Mount Wu, a yellow bird acts as its guardian, watching over the Xuan Snake.
Five-Colored Bird
A creature with multicolored feathers, but a human face and a head full of thick hair? Most sinister of all is the belief that this bird's presence foretells the collapse of any land it gathers in.
Celestial Dog
Covered in crimson fur, legend has it that wherever the Celestial Dog appears, war is likely to break out. Indeed, in ancient times, the tribal leaders Gong Gong and Zhuan Xu fought in the western part of the great wilderness, the Celestial Dog's supposed stomping grounds.
Don't be fooled by its pitiful appearance, with just legs and no hands; this is actually a god who dwells in the place where the sun and moon descend. Perhaps it is the caretaker who lulls the sun and moon to sleep? No wonder its name means "Shh, quiet down."
Pingpeng
This creature looks like a dog but has two pig-like heads. Even stranger is that both heads think for themselves and control one of its legs, often leaving the creature in a tug-of-war with itself.)
What might the celestial world look like?=
Mawangdui Han Tomb No. 1, T-Shaped Painting on Silk (partial)
Creatures over the moon
Why did the ancients depict the moon with rabbits and toads? They drew inspiration from the shadowy shapes on its surface. This led to the belief that these animals were moon spirits, describing the moon as a "Toad Palace" and envisioning rabbits preparing elixirs of immortality.
Chang'e ascends to the moon
According to legend, Chang'e mistakenly drank an elixir of eternal life, which sent her soaring to the moon. She remains there, forever separated from the human realm, accompanied by the rabbit who tirelessly pounds the elixir of life.
The celestial emperor$
This deity takes a human form with a long, slender red serpent tail. Positioned at the highest point of the celestial realm, his status reflects his great authority. Scholars often identify him as Taiyi, the ancient celestial emperor, after whom the North Star was named by early astronomers.
The golden crow6
According to the ancients, the sun's spirit was embodied by a three-legged black crow. There were ten such crows, each taking turns to shine upon the earth, until one fateful day when they all appeared together, scorching the world. The hero Hou Yi saved humanity by shooting down nine of them with his arrows.
The fusang tree8
The Fusang Tree is said to reside in a magical land at the easternmost reaches of the world. Made up of two immense, entwined mulberry trees, it is the resting place of the Golden Crow, who rises with the sun every day. On the silk painting, the Fusang Tree bears eight fruits, representing the suns yet to rise.
In traditional Chinese culture, the character "Fu" symbolizes celebration, fortune and happiness. During the New Year, people often paste large "Fu" characters on their doors, inviting good fortune into their homes.#
According to legend, on New Year's Eve, the "Nian" monster would wreak havoc. To drive it away, people burned bamboo, using the loud cracks to scare it off. Over time, bamboo gave way to firecrackers and fireworks, but the lively spirit they bring to New Year celebrations remains unchanged.
The history of red packets dates back to the Warring States period. At that time, officials distributed food, wine, and money to the people during festivals. This tradition evolved into elders giving red packets containing money to younger family members on New Year's Eve. In modern China, red packets are no longer restricted by age or social rank; anyone can give them as a gift. There are no strict rules about the presentation or amount, what matters is the thought behind the gesture.
This tradition also relates to the "Nian" monster. Once people discovered it feared the color red, they began hanging red lanterns, posting red couplets, and wearing red clothing. They also exchanged red packets, creating a sea of red during the New Year. Beyond this explanation, walking under red lanterns also symbolizes "luck shining down," suggesting good fortune in the coming year.
SMART CHOICE
SIMPLE CHOICE
DESPERATE CHOICE
A SURPRISE?
Complete the entire journey in <b><color=#ce7f00>World Wanderer: Rome</color></b> to earn the limited-edition decoration: Aquila.*
Did the ancient Romans love fast food too?,
What? Ancient Rome had such long holidays...+
No way! Emperor Caligula actually did this?/
Roman names are so confusing! Scipio, teach me!
Complete the entire journey in <b><color=#b41c08>World Wanderer: China</color></b> to earn the limited-edition decoration: Bronze Ding Vessel.>
Believe it or not, China had "routers" thousands of years ago![
Dreams about a toad and a rabbit on the moon, or a crow in the sun... What could they mean?:
Oh! Cao Cao and Guan Yu had that kind of a relationship...D
I scored zero in Sun Tzu's Stratagems quiz. Think you can do better?U
Perfect timing, Governor! World Wanderer: Rome is ready and waiting for you to begin.t
This is a perfect way to introduce Roman culture to the citizenry. Why not step up and give it a go on their behalf?N
You've only scratched the surface of what the Roman civilization has to offer.E
Don't stop now, Governor. I can't wait to see what you discover next!m
Brave governor, I just had a look at the contents of the World Wanderer: China event. It's beyond remarkable!\
To start your journey, a great scholar has prepared a small game for you. Let's take a look.}
Festivals are a huge part of Chinese culture, but would you like to learn more about China's military and cultural practices?
The World Wanderer event covers a wide range of topics. I'm sure your journey will be exceedingly rewarding if you continue to explore!2
Download the resources and embark on your journey!
Exclusive Rewards3
Finish downloading current resources and try again.P
You've completed today's exploration in World Wanderer: {p1}. See you next time! 
Find these items in the picture!6
Woah, slow down! Everything's still coming into focus.g
The inhabitants of the western and southern regions of the great wilderness unexpectedly crossed paths.,
It must be more exciting than here on earth!"
Hey, can you spot me in the image?
<b>Act I</b>
<b>Act II</b>
<b>Act III</b>
The Apple of Discord
At the wedding of Peleus and Thetis, a golden apple inscribed with "To the most beautiful" sows discord among the guests.
The goddesses Hera, Athena, and Aphrodite all lay claim to the apple. The handsome Paris, prince of Troy, is brought in as a neutral judge.
HeraN
I am queen of the gods
choose me and I will award you with a mighty kingdom.
AthenaX
As goddess of wisdom and war, I will make you a prudent ruler and a masterful commander.
AphroditeD
As goddess of love and beauty, I cannot grant you power and glory...I
But I can offer you the love of the world's most beautiful woman
Helen.1
Paris thinks for a moment, then gives his answer.
Pariso
If this golden apple should go to the fairest, then surely it should go to Aphrodite, queen of love and beauty.g
Paris presents the apple to Aphrodite, earning him the favor of one goddess, but the ire of two others.
Angered at not being invited, the goddess of discord Eris snuck a golden apple into the wedding of Thetis and Peleus, future parents of Achilles. Inscribed with "To the most beautiful", the apple sparked a dispute between Hera, Athena, and Aphrodite.
The gods turned to Paris, prince of Troy, considered to be a fair judge. He chose Aphrodite, enraging the other two goddesses and sowing the seeds for the Trojan War.
Helen and Paris Elope
Paris goes to Sparta to meet Helen, the world's most beautiful woman. The problem? She is not only already married, she is the queen of Sparta.
The two fall in love at first sight. While King Menelaus of Sparta is away, the two begin planning to elope.6
Take my hand, fair-haired Helen! Come with me to Troy!
HelenA
But if I should go with you, I will no longer be queen of Sparta.
The greatest warriors of Greece swore oaths to defend my husband's honor. This accursed beauty of mine will bring destruction to your land...4
Whatever storm may come, let us weather it together.;
Sweet, callow Paris... he has no idea of what we will face.2
O gods! Forgive me for this foolish, selfish love!B
The two cross the Aegean to Troy, bringing with them love and war.
After bestowing Aphrodite with the golden apple, the goddess made good on her promise. Paris would be granted the love of Helen, the most beautiful woman in Greece.
Helen, however, was already married to Menelaus, the king of Sparta. Nevertheless, the two fell in love and eloped while Menelaus was away. When the king returned from his journey, he found his wife gone. Enraged, he turned to his brother, King Agamemnon of Mycenae, for help.
Thus began the Trojan War.
Achilles is Recruited
King Odysseus of Ithaca, he of many twists and turns, comes to the island kingdom of Skyros.
He has come to recruit the hero Achilles, who hides on the island disguised as a princess.
Odysseus}
Fair daughters of Lycomedes, I bring you gifts befitting such beautiful princesses
jewels, fine fabrics, lyres, and spears.
Of the princesses, only Achilles goes to pick up a weapon. Noticing this, Odysseus exposes the hero's ruse, and convinces him to join the war.S
Swift-footed Achilles, lion-hearted son of Peleus, come sail with us towards glory!
Achilles*
Sail with you? What glory do you speak of?d
I speak of the largest fleet us Achaeans have ever assembled! A mighty host to fight a glorious war!a
Will you stay here, hiding from your fate? Or will you join us in carving our names into history?
At the wedding of Menelaus and Helen, Helen's other suitors made a sacred vow to defend their marriage. Among their number included some of Greece's mightiest heroes, but the seer Calchas predicted that they would not win without the aid of Achilles, demigod son of King Peleus of Phthia.
Thetis, Achilles' divine mother, received a prophecy that her son would die young if he went to Troy. To keep him safe, she disguised him as a woman and send him to the island of Skyros, where he would pretend to be one of King Lycomedes' daughters.
King Odysseus of Ithaca was sent to Skyros to recruit Achilles. Known for his cleverness, Odysseus used a ploy to lure Achilles out of hiding, whereupon he recruited the hero to the Greek cause.
Iphigenia's Sacrifice
The Greek fleet gathers in Aulis, preparing to set out for Troy. King Agamemnon summons his daughter Iphigenia, telling her she is to wed Achilles.
IphigeniaB
Father, why do you look so worried? Is this not a joyous occasion?
Agamemnon}
Forgive me, my daughter, for I have deceived you. I have brought you here not to be wed, but to appease the wrath of Artemis.f
The seer Calchas has informed me that I must sacrifice my eldest daughter to quell the raging winds...J
While Iphigenia sits in shock, swift-footed Achilles storms into the camp.V
Dog-faced king of Mycenae! You would use me to deceive your own daughter to her death?P
I have brought my spear and shield. You will not harm the girl while I yet live!X
Son of Peleus, please stay your hand... I already know this will only end with my death.?
Please, allow me to make this sacrifice with honor and dignity.
The greatest of Greece's warriors stand in solemn silence as the brave young woman approaches the altar, preparing to give her life for their glory.
Agamemnon, as one of the mightiest kings of Greece, was chosen to lead the Greek coalition. As the Greeks prepared to sail from the city of Aulis, unfavorable winds kept them in port. The seer Calchas informed Agamemnon that he had offended the goddess Artemis by hunting one of her sacred stags. To appease her and allow the fleet to sail, he would have to sacrifice his eldest daughter, Iphigenia.
Agamemnon summoned his daughter to Aulis through trickery. Even after her father's deceit was revealed, the noble and dutiful Iphigenia agreed to be sacrificed. Taking pity on the young maiden, Artemis spirited her away just as she was about to be killed, replacing her on the altar with a bloody deer.
Fateful Duel
Patroclus, dear companion of Achilles, disguises himself as Achilles and leads the Myrmidons into battle. He is slain by Hector, prince of Troy.
Enraged, Achilles slaughters his way through the Trojans, confronting Hector at the gates of Troy. At first, the valiant prince's bravery fails him, and he flees from his demigod foe. When finally cornered, however, Hector steels himself for battle.<
Hector, dog of Priam, you should know who you face this day.D
Dear Patroclus died by your hands, and so too shall you die by mine!
Hector^
I had hoped it was you I faced yesterday... I bestowed upon that young man the glory of death.`
Both men clench their spears and raise their shields, preparing for a battle long in the making.m
I will no longer flee you, son of Peleus. Let me either slay or be slain, for I am in the mind to face you...s
But let us make a covenant before our gods, that whoever wins this day shall treat the other's body with due honor.T
Fool! Speak not to me of covenants! There can be no covenants between lions and men!
After a long journey, the Greeks landed in Troy. The Trojans and their allies mounted a stiff defense, fighting the Greeks to a stalemate.
Achilles, though brave and skilled in battle, was refusing to fight due to a dispute with Agamemnon. His dear companion Patroclus, in an attempt to inspire the Greeks, disguised himself as Achilles and led his Myrmidons into battle. He would be slain on the field by Hector, crown prince of Troy.
Furious, the vengeful Achilles finally rejoined the fray. He carved a bloody path to Hector, challenging the prince to single combat. In a brief but climactic duel, Achilles cut Hector down. The death of Troy's beloved prince and primary defender marked the beginning of the end for the city, though the war would drag on for quite a bit longer.
Achilles' Heel
After defeating Hector, Achilles' dishonorable treatment of the prince's body arouses the ire of the gods.
Unbeknownst to him, Hector's godly patron prepares to strike from the shadows...5
Troy without Hector is a lion without teeth or claws!E
Achaean warriors! Go forth and bring Troy to ruin! Reclaim our honor!~
Paris, younger brother of the slain Hector, aims a poisoned arrow at the demigod. The sun god Apollo guides the prince's hand.
Apolloa
Foolish and arrogant son of Peleus, you will pay the price for all the brave men you have killed.K
My mother foretold that I would die young and glorious if I went to Troy...'
It seems that my fate has finally come!7
Trojans! Even if I fall, your city will one day perish!
After slaying Hector, Achilles dragged his body behind his chariot in front of the city, refusing to return the dead prince to his family. This dishonorable act greatly offended the gods, especially Apollo, Hector's patron. He guided the hand of Paris, who fired a poisoned arrow into Achilles' heel, the only place he was vulnerable. Thus did the great hero fall.
Upon Achilles' death, a great battle raged for his body. Odysseus and Ajax the Great fought valiantly, dragging his body back behind Greek lines.
Trojan Horse
Before the gates of Troy, the throngs of Greek soldiers and ships are suddenly nowhere to be seen. All that is left is a large wooden horse. The inscription reads, "For their safe journey home, the Greeks dedicate this offering to Athena".
Priam0
The Greeks have left us a sacrifice to the gods?V
They brought war to our shores, and now they grovel to the gods for safe passage home!
Laoco
Do not trust this horse, wise king Priam! Whatever it is, I fear the Greeks, even when bearing gifts!
Just as the priest Laoco
n is about to convince King Priam, one of the gods summons two giant sea serpents to strangle Laoco
n and his sons to death.
TrojanN
The gods have made their will known! They have punished Laoco
n for his lies!T
Then let us bring this offering into the city. Let all witness our glorious victory.
The Greek warriors inside the horse hold their breath as they feel it being dragged into heart of Troy. The Trojans celebrate well into the night, unaware of the danger in their midst.
The death of Achilles caused the war to stall once again. It was then that Odysseus, receiving the guidance of Athena, came up with the famed "Trojan Horse" plan. While the Greek forces cleared the beach and concealed their ships behind the rocks, a few dozen of their bravest warriors hid themselves within the horse.
When the Trojans saw the Greeks leaving, they rejoiced, and dragged the horse into their city as a trophy. As night fell, the soldiers inside poured out, opening the gates for the remaining Greeks. Mighty Troy would fall by morning, its inhabitants all slaughtered or enslaved. The gods were not pleased with the killing of their priests and destruction of their temples. They would curse many of the Greeks to never return home, but that's a story for another day...
1. "The Discovery of Achilles among the Daughters of Lycomedes" by Jan de Bray, housed in the Muzeum Narodowe in Warsaw, Poland^
1. "The Death of Achilles" by Peter Paul Rubens, housed in the Courtauld Gallery in Londz{95@^