30,000 Food
10,000 Food
50,000 Food
150,000 Food
500,000 Food
1,500,000 Food
5,000,000 Food
10,000 Wood
50,000 Wood
150,000 Wood
500,000 Wood
1,500,000 Wood
5,000,000 Wood
7,500 Stone
37,500 Stone
112,500 Stone
375,000 Stone
1,125,000 Stone
3,750,000 Stone
1-Minute Speedup
15-Minute Speedup
60-Minute Speedup
3-Hour Speedup
8-Hour Speedup
15-Hour Speedup
24-Hour Speedup
3-Day Speedup
7-Day Speedup
30-Day Speedup
Grants your city 10,000 Food.
Grants your city 50,000 Food.
Grants your city 150,000 Food.
Grants your city 500,000 Food. 
Grants your city 1,500,000 Food. 
Grants your city 5,000,000 Food.
Grants your city 10,000 Wood.
Grants your city 50,000 Wood.
Grants your city 150,000 Wood.
Grants your city 500,000 Wood. 
Grants your city 1,500,000 Wood. 
Grants your city 5,000,000 Wood.
Grants your city 7,500 Stone.
Grants your city 37,500 Stone.
Grants your city 112,500 Stone.
Grants your city 375,000 Stone.!
Grants your city 1,125,000 Stone.!
Grants your city 3,750,000 Stone..
Reduces the time of any one queue by 1 minute.0
Reduces the time of any one queue by 15 minutes.0
Reduces the time of any one queue by 60 minutes.-
Reduces the time of any one queue by 3 hours.-
Reduces the time of any one queue by 8 hours..
Reduces the time of any one queue by 15 hours..
Reduces the time of any one queue by 24 hours.,
Reduces the time of any one queue by 3 days.,
Reduces the time of any one queue by 7 days.-
Reduces the time of any one queue by 30 days.
3,000 Gold
15,000 Gold
50,000 Gold
200,000 Gold
600,000 Gold
2,000,000 Gold
5 Gems
10 Gems
50 Gems
100 Gems
200 Gems
500 Gems
1,000 Gems
2,000 Gems
10,000 Gems
Grants your city 3,000 Gold.
Grants your city 15,000 Gold.
Grants your city 50,000 Gold.
Grants your city 200,000 Gold.
Grants your city 600,000 Gold. 
Grants your city 2,000,000 Gold.
Grants your city 5 Gems.
Grants your city 10 Gems.
Grants your city 50 Gems.
Grants your city 100 Gems.
Grants your city 200 Gems.
Grants your city 500 Gems.
Grants your city 1,000 Gems.
Grants your city 2,000 Gems.
Grants your city 10,000 Gems.
Silver Key
Golden Key
8-Hour Peace Shield
24-Hour Peace Shield
3-Day Peace Shield
30-Day Peace Shield
Builder Recruitment
Builder Recruitment
Builder Recruitment
Activates the second building queue for 2 days or extends it by 2 days (VIP6 can permanently unlock the second building queue).
Targeted Teleport
Random Teleportn
Teleports your city to a designated location on the map (cannot be used when fighting against a rallied army).j
Teleports your city to a random location on the map (cannot be used when fighting against a rallied army).
Territorial Teleport
Teleports your city to a designated location in alliance territory on the map (cannot be used when fighting against a rallied army).
3-Minute Speedup
5-Minute Speedup
10-Minute Speedup
30-Minute Speedup
1-Minute Building Speedup
5-Minute Building Speedup
10-Minute Building Speedup
15-Minute Building Speedup
30-Minute Building Speedup
60-Minute Building Speedup
3-Hour Building Speedup
8-Hour Building Speedup
15-Hour Building Speedup
24-Hour Building Speedup
1-Minute Training Speedup
5-Minute Training Speedup
10-Minute Training Speedup
15-Minute Training Speedup
30-Minute Training Speedup
60-Minute Training Speedup
3-Hour Training Speedup
8-Hour Training Speedup
15-Hour Training Speedup
24-Hour Training Speedup
1-Minute Research Speedup
5-Minute Research Speedup
10-Minute Research Speedup
15-Minute Research Speedup
30-Minute Research Speedup
60-Minute Research Speedup
3-Hour Research Speedup
8-Hour Research Speedup
15-Hour Research Speedup
24-Hour Research Speedup
1-Minute Healing Speedup
5-Minute Healing Speedup
10-Minute Healing Speedup
15-Minute Healing Speedup
30-Minute Healing Speedup
60-Minute Healing Speedup
3-Hour Healing Speedup
8-Hour Healing Speedup
15-Hour Healing Speedup
24-Hour Healing Speedup
24-Hour Food Boost
8-Hour Food Boost
24-Hour Wood Boost
8-Hour Wood Boost
24-Hour Stone Boost
8-Hour Stone Boost
24-Hour Gold Boost
8-Hour Gold Boost
Book of Covenant
Master's Blueprint
Beginner's Teleport
24-Hour Enhanced Gathering
12-Hour Enhanced Attack
24-Hour Enhanced Attack
12-Hour Enhanced Defense
24-Hour Enhanced Defense/
Reduces the time of any one queue by 3 minutes./
Reduces the time of any one queue by 5 minutes.0
Reduces the time of any one queue by 10 minutes.0
Reduces the time of any one queue by 30 minutes.1
Reduces the time of a Building Queue by 1 minute.2
Reduces the time of a Building Queue by 5 minutes.3
Reduces the time of a Building Queue by 10 minutes.3
Reduces the time of a Building Queue by 15 minutes.3
Reduces the time of a Building Queue by 30 minutes.3
Reduces the time of a Building Queue by 60 minutes.0
Reduces the time of a Building Queue by 3 hours.0
Reduces the time of a Building Queue by 8 hours.1
Reduces the time of a Building Queue by 15 hours.1
Reduces the time of a Building Queue by 24 hours.1
Reduces the time of a Training Queue by 1 minute.2
Reduces the time of a Training Queue by 5 minutes.3
Reduces the time of a Training Queue by 10 minutes.3
Reduces the time of a Training Queue by 15 minutes.3
Reduces the time of a Training Queue by 30 minutes.3
Reduces the time of a Training Queue by 60 minutes.0
Reduces the time of a Training Queue by 3 hours.0
Reduces the time of a Training Queue by 8 hours.1
Reduces the time of a Training Queue by 15 hours.1
Reduces the time of a Training Queue by 24 hours.1
Reduces the time of a Research Queue by 1 minute.2
Reduces the time of a Research Queue by 5 minutes.3
Reduces the time of a Research Queue by 10 minutes.3
Reduces the time of a Research Queue by 15 minutes.3
Reduces the time of a Research Queue by 30 minutes.3
Reduces the time of a Research Queue by 60 minutes.0
Reduces the time of a Research Queue by 3 hours.0
Reduces the time of a Research Queue by 8 hours.1
Reduces the time of a Research Queue by 15 hours.1
Reduces the time of a Research Queue by 24 hours.0
Reduces the time of a Healing Queue by 1 minute.1
Reduces the time of a Healing Queue by 5 minutes.2
Reduces the time of a Healing Queue by 10 minutes.2
Reduces the time of a Healing Queue by 15 minutes.2
Reduces the time of a Healing Queue by 30 minutes.2
Reduces the time of a Healing Queue by 60 minutes./
Reduces the time of a Healing Queue by 3 hours./
Reduces the time of a Healing Queue by 8 hours.0
Reduces the time of a Healing Queue by 15 hours.0
Reduces the time of a Healing Queue by 24 hours..
Increases Food production by 25% for 24 hours.-
Increases Food production by 25% for 8 hours..
Increases Wood production by 25% for 24 hours.-
Increases Wood production by 25% for 8 hours./
Increases Stone production by 25% for 24 hours..
Increases Stone production by 25% for 8 hours..
Increases Gold production by 25% for 24 hours.-
Increases Gold production by 25% for 8 hours."
Can be used to upgrade the Castle.@
Can be used to upgrade city buildings from Level 24 to Level 25.
Move your city to the location of your choice (anywhere in your current kingdom, or the outermost provinces of another nascent kingdom). If you have unused Beginner's Teleports before your city hall reaches level 8, they will be removed from your inventory.H
Increases gathering speed of all types of resources by 50% for 24 hours.6
Increases the Attack of all troops by 5% for 12 hours.6
Increases the Attack of all troops by 5% for 24 hours.7
Increases the Defense of all troops by 5% for 12 hours.7
Increases the Defense of all troops by 5% for 24 hours.
You received {p1} Food!
You received {p1} Wood!
You received {p1} Stone!
You received {p1} Gold!2
Use this key to open a Golden Chest in the Tavern.2
Use this key to open a Silver Chest in the Tavern.X
Activates a Peace Shield that prevents your city from being attacked. Lasts for 8 hours.Y
Activates a Peace Shield that prevents your city from being attacked. Lasts for 24 hours.W
Activates a Peace Shield that prevents your city from being attacked. Lasts for 3 days.X
Activates a Peace Shield that prevents your city from being attacked. Lasts for 30 days.!
Anti-Scouting Spyglass (24 Hours)
Anti-Scouting Spyglass (7 Days)
Deceptive Troops (24 Hours)
Basic Army Expansion
Advanced Army ExpansionT
Prevent enemy scouts from obtaining intelligence from your city, lasts for 24 hours.R
Prevent enemy scouts from obtaining intelligence from your city, lasts for 7 days.f
Enemy scouts will report 1.5-2.5 times the actual number of troops in your city for the next 24 hours.=
Increases Unit Capacity of all commanders by 25% for 4 hours.=
Increases Unit Capacity of all commanders by 50% for 4 hours.
Basic Action Point Recovery"
Intermediate Action Point Recovery
Advanced Action Point Recovery
Restore 100 action points.
Restore 500 action points.
Restore 1000 action points.
Civilization Change
Choose a new civilization to play. Your city's architectural style, civilization features, and special units will be affected by this operation.
Fistful of Gems
Pile of Gems
Bucket of Gems
Barrel of Gems
Pouch of Gems
Wagon of Gems
Bonus!
1 Tome of Knowledge/
Use this item to add 100 EXP to your commander.
You received {p1} Gems!+
Can be used to reset a commander's talents.
Talent Reset
Normal Commander Sculpture
Advanced Commander Sculpture
Elite Commander Sculpture
Epic Commander Sculpture
Legendary Commander Sculpture
Julius Caesar Sculpture
Barbarian Champion Sculpture
Sun Tzu Sculpture
Frederick I Sculpture
Constantine I Sculpture
Yi Seong-Gye Sculpture
Cao Cao Sculpture
Richard I Sculpture 
Minamoto no Yoshitsune Sculpture
Charles Martel Sculpture
El Cid Sculpture
Hermann Sculpture
Kusunoki Masashige Sculpture
Scipio Africanus Sculpture
Joan of Arc Sculpture
Eulji Mundeok Sculpture
Boudica Sculpture
Pelagius Sculpture
Spartacus Sculpturem
Can be exchanged for a sculpture of any Normal Commander you already have (used to upgrade commander skills).o
Can be exchanged for a sculpture of any Advanced Commander you already have (used to upgrade commander skills).l
Can be exchanged for a sculpture of any Elite Commander you already have (used to upgrade commander skills).y
Can be exchanged for a sculpture of any Epic Commander you already have (except Keira). Used to upgrade commander skills.
Can be exchanged for a sculpture of any Legendary commander you already have (except Minamoto no Yoshitsune, Hannibal Barca, and 
thelfl
d). Used to upgrade commander skills.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Julius Caesar". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Barbarian Champion". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Sun Tzu". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Frederick I". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Constantine I". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Yi Seong-Gye". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Cao Cao". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Richard I". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Minamoto no Yoshitsune". Can also be used to upgrade the skill level or the star level of this commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Charles Martel". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "El Cid". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Hermann". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Kusunoki Masashige". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Scipio Africanus". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Joan of Arc". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Eulji Mundeok". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Boudica". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Pelagius". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Spartacus". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Broken Starlight Sculpture
Obsolete Starlight Sculpture
Ordinary Starlight Sculpture
Brand-new Starlight Sculpture
Dazzling Starlight SculptureK
A material that can be used to upgrade the Star Level of normal commanders.M
A material that can be used to upgrade the Star Level of advanced commanders.J
A material that can be used to upgrade the Star Level of elite commanders.I
A material that can be used to upgrade the Star Level of epic commanders.N
A material that can be used to upgrade the Star Level of legendary commanders.J
Your City Hall has not reached level {p2}, temporarily unable to use {p1}.
Governor Rename$
Can be used to modify your nickname.
Arrow of Resistance&
Can be used to upgrade the Watchtower.
Grants your city 1,000 Food.
Grants your city 1,000 Wood.
Grants your city 750 Stone.
Grants your city 500 Gold.
1,000 Food
1,000 Wood
750 Stone
500 Gold
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "City Keeper". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Markswoman". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Centurion". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Dragon Lancer". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
City Keeper Sculpture
Markswoman Sculpture
Centurion Sculpture
Dragon Lancer Sculpture
Emblem of Loyalty
This emblem is obtained from the chest rewards of <color=#c88800>"Rise of Kingdoms"</color> and can be used to exchange for the rewards of event "Hero Returns"./
Use this item to add 500 EXP to your commander.1
Use this item to add 1,000 EXP to your commander.
3 Tome of Knowledge
2 Tome of Knowledge
Heritage of Dominator#
Open it to receive various rewards."
Open it to receive random rewards.
Supply Box
Magic Chest
1 Resource Pack A
1 Resource Pack B
1 Resource Pack C 
Randomly grants you a rare item!$
Grants you 1,000 Food or 1,000 Wood.8
Randomly grants you 1,000 Food, 1,000 Wood or 750 Stone.B
Randomly grants you 1,000 Food, 1,000 Wood, 750 Stone or 500 Gold.G
Increases gathering speed of all types of resources by 50% for 8 hours.
8-Hour Enhanced Gathering
First
Purchase!
2 Resource PackH
Randomly grants you 10,000 Food, 10,000 Wood, 7,500 Stone or 5,000 Gold.
Boosts
5 VIP Points
10 VIP Points
20 VIP Points
50 VIP Points
100 VIP Points
200 VIP Points
500 VIP Points
1,000 VIP Points
2,000 VIP Points
5,000 VIP Points(
Adds 5,000 VIP Points to your character.(
Adds 2,000 VIP Points to your character.(
Adds 1,000 VIP Points to your character.&
Adds 500 VIP Points to your character.&
Adds 200 VIP Points to your character.&
Adds 100 VIP Points to your character.%
Adds 50 VIP Points to your character.%
Adds 20 VIP Points to your character.%
Adds 10 VIP Points to your character.$
Adds 5 VIP Points to your character.
4 Tome of Knowledge
5 Tome of Knowledge
6 Tome of Knowledge
7 Tome of Knowledge2
Use this item to add 50,000 EXP to your commander.2
Use this item to add 20,000 EXP to your commander.2
Use this item to add 10,000 EXP to your commander.1
Use this item to add 5,000 EXP to your commander.
Lohar's LongbowO
Summon the Barbarian leader - Junior Lohar and his elite troops near your city.
Bone Necklace
Used to receive a variety of items. Gives the user a chance to obtain special event items: Lohar's Longbow and Lohar's Buckler.R
Summon the Barbarian leader - Dauntless Lohar and his elite troops near your city.S
Summon the Barbarian leader - Invincible Lohar and his elite troops near your city.
Lohar's Warspear
Lohar's Buckler"
24-Hour Enhanced Attack (Advanced)7
Increases the Attack of all troops by 10% for 24 hours.#
24-Hour Enhanced Defense (Advanced)8
Increases the Defense of all troops by 10% for 24 hours.
Treasure of the Martel's Heart
Randomly grants you 1-10 Charles Martel Sculpture(s), a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key or a Golden Key.
Hannibal Barca Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Hannibal Barca". Can also be used to upgrade the skill level or the star level of this commander.e
Obtained from "The Pioneer" event and can be used to exchange for rewards in "Road to Revival" event.
Pioneer Medal
50 Individual Credits
100 Individual Credits
500 Individual Credits
1,000 Individual Credits
5,000 Individual Credits
50 Alliance Credits
100 Alliance Credits
500 Alliance Credits
1,000 Alliance Credits
5,000 Alliance Credits!
Grants you 50 Individual Credits."
Grants you 100 Individual Credits."
Grants you 500 Individual Credits.$
Grants you 1,000 Individual Credits.$
Grants you 5,000 Individual Credits.)
Grants your alliance 50 Alliance Credits.*
Grants your alliance 100 Alliance Credits.*
Grants your alliance 500 Alliance Credits.,
Grants your alliance 1,000 Alliance Credits.,
Grants your alliance 5,000 Alliance Credits."
The Second Building Queue + 2 Days
You have already permanently unlocked the second building queue, in this case, Builder Recruitments have been automatically exchanged to the following items.
Kingdom Map%
Clear the fog in a random 10x10 area.F
Obtained from the mysterious cave and contains various kinds of items.F
Obtained from the mysterious cave and contains various kinds of items.F
Obtained from the mysterious cave and contains various kinds of items.
3 Cave Treasure
2 Cave Treasure
1 Cave Treasure
Action Point Replenishment
ITEM RECYCLING
Solidusr
Symbolizes the unrivalled prosperity of ancient Rome. Can be exchanged for rewards in the "Imperial Wealth" event.
Rune of Diligence I
Rune of Diligence II
Rune of Diligence III
Rune of Diligence IV
Rune of Leader I
Rune of Leader II
Rune of Leader III
Rune of Leader IV
Rune of Wardrum I
Rune of Wardrum II
Rune of Wardrum III
Rune of Wardrum IV
Rune of Nature I
Rune of Nature II
Rune of Nature III
Rune of Nature IV
Rune of Fury I
Rune of Fury II
Rune of Fury III
Rune of Fury IV
Rune of Sthenia I
Rune of Sthenia II
Rune of Sthenia III
Rune of Sthenia IV?
Increases the gathering speed of all kinds of resources by 2%. ?
Increases the gathering speed of all kinds of resources by 3%. ?
Increases the gathering speed of all kinds of resources by 5%. ?
Increases the gathering speed of all kinds of resources by 7%. 0
Increases the building and research speed by 2%.0
Increases the building and research speed by 4%.0
Increases the building and research speed by 5%.0
Increases the building and research speed by 7%.#
Increases the training speed by 3%.#
Increases the training speed by 5%.#
Increases the training speed by 7%.$
Increases the training speed by 10%.9
Increases the production of all kinds of resources by 5%.9
Increases the production of all kinds of resources by 7%.:
Increases the production of all kinds of resources by 10%.:
Increases the production of all kinds of resources by 15%.
Increases troops' attack by 2%.
Increases troops' attack by 3%.
Increases troops' attack by 5%.
Increases troops' attack by 7%.1
Increases your action point recovery speed by 3%.1
Increases your action point recovery speed by 5%.1
Increases your action point recovery speed by 7%.2
Increases your action point recovery speed by 10%.
Cleopatra VII Sculpture
Constance Sculpture
Gaius Marius Sculpture
Tomoe Gozen Sculpture
Lancelot Sculpture
Lohar Sculpture
rka Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Cleopatra VII". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Constance". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Gaius Marius". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Tomoe Gozen". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Lancelot". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Lohar". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "
rka". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.I
Expiration Time
This item will disappear soon, please use it before then.
You have already explored all of the fog in the kingdom, so the Kingdom Maps have been automatically exchanged for the following items:
Parchment Musicj
Symbolizes the glory of German classical music. Can be exchanged for rewards in the "Fate Symphony" event.
Quantity Opened: {p1}
Please Select A Reward
Black Teak
Symbolizes the cultivated British lifestyle. Can be exchanged for rewards in the "Constant Elegance" event.
Golden GrainZ
Symbolizes an abundant harvest. Can be exchanged for rewards during "The Full Barn" event!
Artist's Statue
The artist's soul was poured into this stone, transforming it into an immortal piece of French art. Soul into stone, make it immortal art. Can be exchanged for rewards in the "Art Treasures" event.!
Level 1 "Pick One" Resource Chest
Treasure of the Warlord
Randomly grants you one of the following rewards: 1-10 Cao Cao Sculpture(s), a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.!
Level 2 "Pick One" Resource Chest!
Level 3 "Pick One" Resource Chest!
Level 4 "Pick One" Resource Chest 
Level 1 "Pick One" Speedup Chest 
Level 2 "Pick One" Speedup Chest 
Level 3 "Pick One" Speedup ChestI
Choose your reward: 10,000 Food, 10,000 Wood, 7,500 Stone, or 3,000 Gold.K
Choose your reward: 50,000 Food, 50,000 Wood, 37,500 Stone, or 15,000 Gold.N
Choose your reward: 150,000 Food, 150,000 Wood, 112,500 Stone, or 50,000 Gold.O
Choose your reward: 500,000 Food, 500,000 Wood, 375,000 Stone, or 200,000 Gold.
Choose your reward: 15-Minute Building Speedup, 15-Minute Research Speedup, 15-Minute Training Speedup, or 15-Minute Healing Speedup.
Choose your reward: 60-Minute Building Speedup, 60-Minute Research Speedup, 60-Minute Training Speedup, or 60-Minute Healing Speedup.y
Choose your reward: 3-Hour Building Speedup, 3-Hour Research Speedup, 3-Hour Training Speedup, or 3-Hour Healing Speedup.
Matador Cape
Emergency Action Point Recovery
Restore 50 action points.
650 Gems
Grants your city 650 Gems.
VIP Points
VIP 0 Special Bundle
VIP 1 Special Bundle
VIP 2 Special Bundle
VIP 3 Special Bundle
VIP 4 Special Bundle
VIP 5 Special Bundle
VIP 6 Special Bundle
VIP 7 Special Bundle
VIP 8 Special Bundle
VIP 9 Special Bundle
VIP 10 Special Bundle
VIP 11 Special Bundle
VIP 12 Special Bundle
VIP 13 Special Bundle
VIP 14 Special Bundle
VIP 15 Special Bundleo
Symbolizes the dauntless nature of Spanish bullfighting. Can be exchanged for rewards in the Gran Fiesta event.
Ancient Scrolli
Contains records of ancient historical events. Can be exchanged for rewards in the "Brush and Ink" event.
Mark of the KaruakT
A special item that can be used to call for help during the "Karuak Ceremony" event.
1 Expanded Training
2 Expanded Training
3 Expanded Training
Level 4 Reserves
Level 5 ReservesE
Increases training capacity by 20,000 the next time you train troops.E
Increases training capacity by 10,000 the next time you train troops.D
Increases training capacity by 5,000 the next time you train troops.D
Increases training capacity by 2,000 the next time you train troops.D
Increases training capacity by 1,000 the next time you train troops.
Expanded Training
Halloween Avatar*
Open to receive a random Halloween avatar.
Trick or Treat (1 Day)
Trick or Treat (3 Days)
Trick or Treat (7 Days)
Trick or Treat (15 Days)
Trick or Treat (30 Days)
Trick or Treat (Permanent)J
Adorns your city with special Halloween decorations. (Duration: Permanent)H
Adorns your city with special Halloween decorations. (Duration: 30 days)H
Adorns your city with special Halloween decorations. (Duration: 15 days)G
Adorns your city with special Halloween decorations. (Duration: 7 days)G
Adorns your city with special Halloween decorations. (Duration: 3 days)F
Adorns your city with special Halloween decorations. (Duration: 1 day)
Training Capacity Bonus: 
Upgrade Capacity Bonus: 
Chances: 
Halloween CandyP
Trick or treat! Can be exchanged for rewards during the "Halloween Gifts" event.
Jack-O'-Lantern]
A pumpkin with an evil grin. Can be exchanged for rewards during the "Halloween Gifts" event.
Sugar SkullX
Sweet and scary treats. Can be exchanged for rewards during the "Halloween Gifts" event.
Halloween Candy BoxQ
Chock full of Halloween goodies! May also contain a special Halloween city theme!
Sakurad
National flower of Japan; symbolizes purity. Can be exchanged for rewards during the "Hanami" event.%
Bundle of Broken Starlight Sculptures'
Bundle of Obsolete Starlight Sculptures'
Bundle of Ordinary Starlight Sculptures(
Bundle of Brand-new Starlight Sculptures'
Bundle of Dazzling Starlight Sculptures`
Can be used to upgrade the Star Level of normal commanders. Grants a large amount of experience.b
Can be used to upgrade the Star Level of advanced commanders. Grants a large amount of experience._
Can be used to upgrade the Star Level of elite commanders. Grants a large amount of experience.^
Can be used to upgrade the Star Level of epic commanders. Grants a large amount of experience.c
Can be used to upgrade the Star Level of legendary commanders. Grants a large amount of experience."
Blessed Broken Starlight Sculpture$
Blessed Obsolete Starlight Sculpture$
Blessed Ordinary Starlight Sculpture%
Blessed Brand-new Starlight Sculpture$
Blessed Dazzling Starlight SculptureV
Can be used to upgrade the Star Level of normal commanders. Grants extra luck bonuses.X
Can be used to upgrade the Star Level of advanced commanders. Grants extra luck bonuses.U
Can be used to upgrade the Star Level of elite commanders. Grants extra luck bonuses.T
Can be used to upgrade the Star Level of epic commanders. Grants extra luck bonuses.Y
Can be used to upgrade the Star Level of legendary commanders. Grants extra luck bonuses.
Janggu^
A traditional Korean instrument. Can be exchanged for rewards in the "Harvest Festival" event.f
You already have this theme permanently, so this theme item will be exchanged for the following items.
Sower's Song (3 Days)
Sower's Song (7 Days)
Sower's Song (Permanent)J
Adorns your city with special Thanksgiving decorations. (Duration: 3 days)J
Adorns your city with special Thanksgiving decorations. (Duration: 7 days)M
Adorns your city with special Thanksgiving decorations. (Duration: Permanent)
Corncobz
Golden cob of corn. Obtained from the "Bountiful Cornfields" event. Used to feed turkeys during the "Hungry Turkey" event.
Big Pumpkin
Symbolizes a bountiful harvest. Quite tasty, too. Obtained from the "Pumpkin Competition", "Hungry Turkey", and "Cornucopia" events. Can be exchanged for rewards during the "Thanksgiving Gifts" event.
Turkey Feast
Fat, juicy turkey, fresh out of the oven. Obtained by completing the daily login quests during the "Grateful For You" event, earning rank rewards during the "Cornucopia" event, or purchasing Black Friday bundles. Can be exchanged for limited-edition Thanksgiving themes or other rewards.
Turkey Sculpture
Used to unlock and build a special decorative structure: Turkey Sculpture. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Bushel of Corn
Chock full of Corncobs
just what a growing turkey needs! Open to receive 1-5 Corncobs or a limited-edition Thanksgiving theme (3 days). Corncobs can be used in the "Hungry Turkey" event.
Christmas Ornament
Obtained from the "Deck The Halls" event, the "Christmas Holiday" event, and special Christmas bundles. Used to decorate your Christmas tree during the "O Tannenbaum" event.
Christmas Tree
Used to unlock and build a special decorative structure: Christmas Tree. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Thief's Saddlebagh
Open to receive a variety of rewards. May contain special event items: Thief's Cloak and Thief's Dagger.
Thief's Cloak8
Summons the Crowned Thief and his troops near your city.
Thief's Dagger=
Summons the Master Thief and his elite troops near your city.
Level 1 Stolen Treasure
One of the treasures stolen by the brazen thieves, now awarded to you as a thank you gift. Randomly grants you a 1-Hour Speedup, a Lvl 2 "Pick One" Resource Chest or other items.
Level 2 Stolen Treasure
One of the treasures stolen by the brazen thieves, now awarded to you as a thank you gift. Randomly grants you 100 Gems, a 3-Hour Speedup, a Lvl 3 "Pick One" Resource Chest or other items.
Level 3 Stolen Treasure
One of the treasures stolen by the brazen thieves, now awarded to you as a thank you gift. Randomly grants you 300 Gems, a Golden Key, an 8-Hour Speedup, a Lvl 4 "Pick One" Resource Chest or other items.
Box of Ornaments
A Christmas tree without ornaments is just a tree! Open to receive 1-5 Christmas Ornaments or a limited-edition Christmas theme (3 days). Christmas Ornaments can be used in the "O Tannenbaum" event.
Firework
Multicolored firework guaranteed to blow your mind. Obtained from the "Light Up The Night" event and special New Year's bundles. Light to receive incredible awards!
Elegant Christmas Tree
Used to unlock and build a special decorative structure: Elegant Christmas Tree. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.) G
Adorns your city with special Christmas decorations. (Duration: 3 days)J
Adorns your city with special Christmas decorations. (Duration: Permanent)
Silent Night (3 Days)
Silent Night (Permanent)
Byzantine Crown
An elegant imperial crown with engravings depicting the empire's glory. Can be exchanged for rewards in the "Coronation" event.
Lucky FuX
Obtained from the "Fu at the Door" event. Can be used in the "Red Packet Bonanza" event.
Lucky LionW
Used to unlock and build a special decorative structure: Lucky Lion. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.) 
<b>Note: Only one of this decorative building can be used. Duplicates cannot be used to build more than one.</b>
Arabian Scimitarf
A gently curving blade with a vicious bite. Can be exchanged for rewards in the "Oasis of Hope" event.
Ottoman Helmett
A symbol of the fearlessness only true warriors possess. Can be exchanged for rewards in the "Vast Territory" event.
Belisarius Sculpture
Baibars Sculpture
Osman I Sculpture
Saladin Sculpture
Mehmed II Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Belisarius". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Baibars". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Osman I". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Saladin". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Mehmed II". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Rose
Obtained from the "Adoration" and "Love Beckons" events, as well as Valentine's Day special bundles. Can be added to your flower arrangement during the "Pledge of Thorns" event.
Rose Box
Open to receive 1-5 Roses or a limited-edition Valentine's Day theme (3 days). Roses can be used in the "Pledge of Thorns" event.
Bed of Roses!
Unlocks a special decorative structure: Bed of Roses. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list. If you already own this decorative structure, this item will be exchanged for 200 Gems.
Cupid's Arrow (3 Days)
Cupid's Arrow (Permanent)M
Adorns your city with special Valentine's Day decorations. (Duration: 3 days)P
Adorns your city with special Valentine's Day decorations. (Duration: Permanent)
Pot of Dewr
Obtained from the "Spring in the Air" event. Can be used to water your tree during the "Tree of Fellowship" event.
Green Leaf
Obtained by watering your tree during the "Tree of Fellowship" event. Can be exchanged for rewards in the "Sunny Breeze" event.
Flower Petal
Obtained by fertilizing your tree during the "Tree of Fellowship" event. Can be exchanged for rewards in the "Sunny Breeze" event.
Flower Arch
Used to unlock and build a special decorative structure: Flower Arch. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Puzzle Piecej
A mysterious jigsaw puzzle piece. Used to attempt puzzle challenges in the Sharp Eyes & Quick Hands event.
Spring Blossoms (7 Days)
Spring Blossoms (Permanent)H
Adorns your city with special springtime decorations. (Duration: 7 days)
Adorns your city with special springtime decorations (Duration: Permanent). Grants a 2000 gem reward upon use if you have this theme already.
Challenge Token
Can be used to participate in additional challenges during the "Sharp Eyes & Quick Hands" event after all daily challenge chances have been used.
Pyramid of Khufu
Lighthouse of Alexandria
Colossus of Rhodes
Mausoleum at Halicarnassus
Statue of Zeus at Olympia
Temple of ArtemisU
This faded scrap of parchment depicts an enormous pyramid towering above the horizon.Z
This faded scrap of parchment depicts a beautiful garden. Could it be a glimpse of heaven?\
This faded scrap of parchment depicts a great lighthouse pointing the way for lost voyagers.U
This faded scrap of parchment depicts an immense statue holding high a flaming torch.M
This faded scrap of parchment depicts a mysterious tomb from a forgotten age.N
This faded scrap of parchment depicts a majestic deity overlooking his domain.g
This faded scrap of parchment depicts a magnificent temple. A divine huntress was once worshipped here.
Kingdom Supply Chest
Crusader's Supply Chest
Crusader's Resource Chest
Crusader's Bounty1
Open to receive a large number of random rewards.
Open to receive random rewards.&
Open to receive resource item rewards."
Open to receive wonderful rewards.
Hanging Gardens of Babylon
Passport Page/
A special consumable item used for immigration.
Wu Zetian Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Wu Zetian". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Worn Leather Satchel,
Open to receive a random Scrap of Parchment.
Hero Medallion=
Can be exchanged for items during the "Hero's Welcome" event.
Genghis Khan Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Genghis Khan". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Charlemagne Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Charlemagne". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Rune of Leader V
Rune of Wardrum V
Rune of Nature V
Rune of Fury V
Rune of Sthenia V1
Increases the building and research speed by 10%.$
Increases the training speed by 15%.:
Increases the production of all kinds of resources by 20%. 
Increases troops' attack by 10%.2
Increases your action point recovery speed by 15%.
Rune of Diligence V@
Increases the gathering speed of all kinds of resources by 10%. 
Carnationg
A fragrant flower. Can be used to decorate your Mother's Day present during the "Show Your Love" event.
Box of Carnations
Open to receive 1-5 Carnations or a limited-edition Mother's Day theme (3 days). Carnations can be used in the "Show Your Love" event.
Carnation Bouquet(
A special gift for a special someone. Happy Mother's Day! Used to unlock and build a special decorative structure: a carnation bouquet. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Treasure of the Holy Overlord
Randomly grants you 1-10 El Cid Sculpture(s), a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key or a Golden Key.
Alexander the Great Sculpture
thelfl
d Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Alexander the Great". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "
thelfl
d". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Cleopatra Emoji Bundle
Constance Emoji Bundle
El Cid Emoji Bundle
Holiday Theme Bundle
Open to get a Cleopatra emoji that you don't yet have. If you already have all the Cleopatra emojis, you'll get a "3-Hour Speedup" item.
Open to get a Constance emoji that you don't yet have. If you already have all the Constance emojis, you'll get a "3-Hour Speedup" item.
Open to get a El Cid emoji that you don't yet have. If you already have all the El Cid emojis, you'll get a "3-Hour Speedup" item.
Open it to get a random Epic Holiday City Theme that you don't yet have. If you have all of the themes available, you'll get five 24-hour Speedup items.
Midsummer Steps
The midsummer bonfire ignites everyone's enthusiasm! Can be used to unlock and build permanent midsummer decorations. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Star Coin=
Can be used in the "Card King" event to turn over cards once.
Treasure of the Warrior Queen
Randomly grants you one of the following rewards: 1-5 
thelfl
d Sculpture(s), a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Gift of the Nile (Permanent)N
Adorns your city with special Osiris League decorations. (Duration: Permanent)
Heliopolis (Permanent)N
Adorns your city with special Osiris League decorations. (Duration: Permanent)
Tomyris Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Tomyris". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Edward of Woodstock". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Edward of Woodstock Sculpture
Located in modern-day Cairo, Heliopolis was the cultural center of Ancient Egypt from prehistoric times up until well into the Roman Empire. Named "City of the Sun" by the Greeks, it was the home of the priests of the sun god Ra. A city of learning in the times of ancient Greece, it is said to have been visited many time by famous Greek philosophers and historians, including Orpheus, Homer, Plato, and Pythagoras.
Protected by the surrounding mountains, armies would rest here, on the banks of the Nile river, enjoying the peaceful environment and plentiful water from the gentle, winding river. These fertile lands were the breadbasket of the Egyptian Empire.
Persian Dream (Permanent)M
Adorns your city with special Lost Kingdom decorations. (Duration: Permanent)
Seondeok Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Seondeok". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Mulan Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Mulan". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Equipment Materials ChestB
Open to get materials needed to forge a normal piece of equipment.
Equipment Materials ChestE
Open to get materials needed to forge an advanced piece of equipment.
Equipment Materials ChestB
Open to get materials needed to forge an elite piece of equipment.
Equipment Materials ChestA
Open to get materials needed to forge an epic piece of equipment.
Equipment Materials ChestE
Open to get materials needed to forge a legendary piece of equipment.8
A crate dropped by the caravan. Who knows what's inside?H
A chest left behind by the defeated barbarians. Who knows what's inside?
30-Day Gem Supply
7-Day Speedup Supply
7-Day Food Supply
7-Day Wood Supply
7-Day Stone Supply
7-Day Gold Supply
Treasure of the Shadow Legion.
Contains one of the following blueprint fragments at random: <color=#0898c4>Windswept Bracers</color>, <color=#0898c4>Windswept Boots</color>, <color=#ac4ed7>Quinn's Soul</color>, <color=#ac4ed7>Gladiator</color>, <color=#ea7928>Shadow Legion's Retribution</color>, <color=#ea7928>Ian's Choice</color>.
Shadow Legion Material Bundle0
Open to get materials needed to forge equipment.
Equipment Material Choice Chest3
Receive a normal equipment material of your choice.
Equipment Material Choice Chest6
Receive an advanced equipment material of your choice.
Equipment Material Choice Chest3
Receive an elite equipment material of your choice.
Equipment Material Choice Chest2
Receive an epic equipment material of your choice.
Equipment Material Choice Chest6
Receive a legendary equipment material of your choice.
Sweet Cake
Used to unlock and build a special decorative structure: Sweet Cake. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
VIP 16 Special Bundle
Cream Cake~
Can be obtained by adding cream to the cake in the Celebration Cake event. Exchange them for prizes in the Party Favors event.
Anniversary Candlej
Can be obtained in the Looking for Candles event. Used to decorate the cake in the Celebration Cake event.
Burning Candle
Can be obtained by adding Anniversary Candles to the cake in the Celebration Cake event. Exchange them for prizes in the Party Favors event.
Winter's Pride
Used to unlock and build a Lucerne Scrolls decorative structure: Winter's Pride. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Hidden Lotus (Permanent)P
Adorns your city with special Lucerne Scrolls decorations. (Duration: Permanent)
Attila Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Attila". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Takeda Shingen Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Takeda Shingen". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Ghost Candy+
Use Ghost Candies to summon the Evil Witch!
Quinx
Used to unlock and build a Google Play gift card decorative structure: Quinx. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Jack-O'-Frighten
Used to unlock and build a Halloween decorative structure: Jack-O'-Frighten. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
"New World" Bundle5
Can be obtained by purchasing the "New World" bundle.<
Can be purchased in the Alliance Shop with Individual Honor.
Alliance Shop
{p1}i
Congratulations! You have received {p1} through your Google Play Points redemption. Tap Claim to receive.-
Rewards claimed. Have fun and enjoy the game!X
Items have been sent to {p1}, please log in and claim them. Have fun and enjoy the game!
Google Play Points
Pile of Gems
Pouch of Gems
Cornucopia
Used to unlock and build a Thanksgiving decorative structure: Cornucopia. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Ishtar Gate
Used to unlock and build a Ceroli Crisis decorative structure: Ishtar Gate. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)!
Treasure of the Uncrowned Emperor
Randomly grants you 1-10 Julius Caesar Sculpture(s), a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Frederick I Sculpture(s), a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key or a Golden Key.
Treasure of the Barbarossa
Treasure of Ebu'l Feth
Randomly grants you 1-10 Mehmed II Sculpture(s), a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key or a Golden Key.
Snow Pal
Used to unlock and build a Christmas decorative structure: Snow Pal. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Swan Lake
Used to unlock and build a Lucerne Scrolls decorative structure: Swan Lake. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Theodora Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Theodora". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Guan Yu Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Guan Yu". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Leonidas I Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Leonidas I". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Ishida Mitsunari Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Ishida Mitsunari". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Statue of Sphinx
Harvest Goddess Statue
Used to unlock and build an Osiris League Season 2 decorative structure: Statue of Sphinx. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Used to unlock and build an Osiris League Season 2 decorative structure: Harvest Goddess Statue. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)J
The Temple of Karnak is the most ancient temple in Thebes. It is recorded that the Pharaoh would take his ministers there every morning to welcome the rising of the sun. The temple's divine statues have been disseminated to museums around the world today and only its hieroglyphic pillars remain to tell tales of the distant past.L
The lake glitters under the moon as a cool breeze ripples across the waters.
Grants 100 Soluna Coins.
Soluna Coin
Level 6 ReservesE
Increases training capacity by 50,000 the next time you train troops.
VIP 17 Special Bundle
Acacia of Yearning
Used to unlock and build a Valentine's decorative structure: Acacia of Yearning. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Ceroli CoinP
Obtained from defeating Ceroli generals. Used to exchange for items in the Shop.
30-Day Gem Supply (50% Off)c
Allows you to purchase a 30-Day Gem Supply at half price. This item will be consumed upon purchase.
Golden Deer Statue
Used to unlock and build a Lucerne Scrolls decorative structure: Golden Deer Statue. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Cradle of Dreams
Used to unlock and build a Spring decorative structure: Cradle of Dreams. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Ramesses II Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Ramesses II". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Artemisia I Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Artemisia I". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Used to receive Soluna Coins.
Keira Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Keira". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Gang Gam-chan Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Gang Gam-chan". Also can be used to upgrade skill level of this commander or star level of any commander.
Tea Pavilion
Used to unlock and build a Family Day decorative structure: Tea Pavilion. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Smiling Bayon
Used to unlock and build a Lucerne Scrolls decorative structure: Smiling Bayon. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Mini Pyramid
Used to unlock and build an Osiris Invitational decorative structure: Mini Pyramid. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
<b>Item Probability</b>
Your current Alliance gift is level {p1}. Open the chest for a chance to get the following items (determined randomly based on your Alliance gift level):S
<b><color=#de3a3a>Cannot receive the chest without joining an Alliance.</color></b>O
<b>Item Probability</b>
(Open to randomly receive one of the following rewards)
Potion of Fanaticism (Attack)
Potion of Rage (Attack)
Leadership Potion (Attack)!
Primeval Fury Concoction (Attack)
Impregnable Elixir (Defense)
Shielding Potion (Defense)$
Potion of Skill Resistance (Defense) 
Indomitable Concoction (Defense)
Agility Potion (Support)
Concoction of Wisdom (Support)
Recovery Potion (Support)
Royal Concoction (Support)l
Increases the Attack of your dispatched troops by 20% for 30 minutes. Only takes effect in Scenario Battles.u
Increases the Rage gain speed of your dispatched troops by 15% for 30 minutes. Only takes effect in Scenario Battles.x
Increases the skill damage dealt by your dispatched troops by 30% for 30 minutes. Only takes effect in Scenario Battles.r
Increases the damage dealt by your dispatched troops by 10% for 60 minutes. Only takes effect in Scenario Battles.m
Increases the Defense of your dispatched troops by 20% for 30 minutes. Only takes effect in Scenario Battles.}
Reduces the counterattack damage your dispatched troops receive by 30% for 30 minutes. Only takes effect in Scenario Battles.u
Reduces the skill damage your dispatched troops receive by 30% for 30 minutes. Only takes effect in Scenario Battles.o
Reduces the damage your dispatched troops receive by 10% for 60 minutes. Only takes effect in Scenario Battles.q
Increases the March Speed of your dispatched troops by 30% for 30 minutes. Only takes effect in Scenario Battles.
Once used, recovery speed of the energy needed for using your role skills is increased by 30% for 60 minutes. Only takes effect in Scenario Battles.
Increases all healing and shield effects your dispatched troops receive by 30% for 30 minutes. Only takes effect in Scenario Battles.s
Increases the Unit Capacity of your dispatched troops by 15% for 60 minutes. Only takes effect in Scenario Battles.
Horn of Ceroli (x100)
Use to get 100 Horns of Ceroli.
Ceroli VoucherH
Ceroli Vouchers can be redeemed for items in the "Ceroli Assault" event.
Kite
Used to unlock and build a Dragon Boat Festival decorative structure: Kite. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Bandit's Torch
A torch was found at the scene. It is said bandits use such torches to signal each other. Investigate this torch, and perhaps you can find some clues to the whereabouts of the culprits.
12-Hour Peace Shield;
Activates a Shield that can protect your city for 12 hours.
Yi Sun-sin Sculpture
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "Yi Sun-sin". Can also be used to upgrade the skill level of this commander, or the star level of any commander of the same rarity.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "{p1}". Can be used to upgrade the skill levels of this commander, or the star level of any commander with the same rarity level.
Golden Statue
Lion Pool
Trajan Fountain
Used to unlock and build an Osiris League Season 3 decorative structure: Golden Statue. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not obtained this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Used to unlock and build an Osiris League Season 3 decorative structure: Lion Pool. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not obtained this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Used to unlock and build a Lucerne Scrolls decorative structure: Trajan Fountain. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not obtained this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)f
Open to choose a commander sculpture from the following: Cleopatra VII, Seondeok, or Ishida Mitsunari.
A powerful sculpture that can be used to summon "{p1}". Can be used to upgrade the skill levels of this commander, or the star level of any commander with the same rarity level.
Chandragupta Maurya Sculpture
William I Sculpture
Midsummer Pillar
Used to unlock and build a Summer decorative structure: Midsummer Pillar. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Blueprint Choice Chest2
Choose to receive one of the following blueprints: 
Blueprint Fragments Choice Chest;
Choose to receive one of the following blueprint fragments:
Treasure of Kamakura's Warlord
Randomly grants you 1-10 Minamoto no Yoshitsune Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Festival Campground
Used to unlock and build a 2020 Anniversary decorative structure: Festival Campground. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
7-Day Material Supply@
Adorns your city with special decorations. (Duration: Permanent)
Bandit's Clues>
A clue found in the fire scene. Can help you find the bandits.
Pavilion of Inner Peace
Used to unlock and build a Lucerne Scrolls decorative structure: Pavilion of Inner Peace. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Treasure of Al-Malik an-Nasir
Randomly grants you 1-10 Saladin Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Peerless Lord
Randomly grants you 1-10 Constantine I Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Overlord
Randomly grants you 1-10 Tomyris Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Scourge
Randomly grants you 1-10 Attila Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Spartan Lion
Randomly grants you 1-10 Leonidas I Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Queen of Caria
Randomly grants you 1-10 Artemisia I Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Matilda of Flanders Sculpture
Lost Kingdom Map:
Clears the fog of a random 10x10 area in the Lost Kingdom.
Treasure of the Dynastic Queen
Randomly grants you 1-10 Theodora Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.$
Treasure of the Lord of the Peacocks
Randomly grants you 1-10 Chandragupta Maurya Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Lionheart
Randomly grants you 1-10 Richard I Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.!
Treasure of the Bow of Revolution
Randomly grants you 1-10 Yi Seong-Gye Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Universal Ruler
Randomly grants you 1-10 Genghis Khan Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the World Conqueror
Randomly grants you 1-10 Alexander the Great Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Black Prince
Randomly grants you 1-10 Edward of Woodstock Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Tiger of Kai
Randomly grants you 1-10 Takeda Shingen Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Lord Guan
Randomly grants you 1-10 Guan Yu Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key or a Golden Key.
Treasure of the Gods-Favored
Randomly grants you 1-10 Ramesses II Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Harald Sigurdsson Sculpture
Zenobia Sculpture
{p1} CrystalsK
Use to gain {p1} Crystals. This item will be lost at the end of the Season.
You got {p1} Crystals!
Lacquered Archway
Used to unlock and build a 2020 Anniversary decorative structure: Lacquered Archway. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Pumpkin Cauldron
Used to unlock and build a Halloween decorative structure: Pumpkin Cauldron. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Witch Hat:
A hat lost by the Evil Witch. She may come looking for it.
You have fully explored all fog in the Lost Kingdom! Lost Kingdom Maps will now be automatically exchanged for the following items.
Lu Bu Sculpture
Diaochan Sculpture
Cyrus the Great Sculpture
Nebuchadnezzar II Sculpture
Armillary Sphere
Used to unlock and build a Lucerne Scrolls decorative structure: Armillary Sphere. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Throne of Power
Used to unlock and build an Osiris League Grand Finals decorative structure: Throne of Power. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Wobble Gobble
Used to unlock and build a Thanksgiving decoration: Wobble Gobble. This item will be consumed upon building the decoration. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the decoration in their building list.)
Friendly Fish Pond
Used to unlock and build a Lucerne Scrolls decorative structure: Friendly Fish Pond. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Christmas Journey
Used to unlock and build a Christmas decorative structure: Christmas Journey. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Sovereign Keyl
Used to open chests containing Legendary Commanders and other great rewards in the "Legendary Tavern" event.
Legendary Mark
If in the "Legendary Tavern" event you earn a Legendary Commander (or their sculptures) whose Expertise you've already unlocked, it will be automatically exchanged for Legendary Marks.
A treasure chest found in the mysterious cave containing all manner of items. It may even contain crystals (will be reclaimed at the end of the current season).
Moctezuma I Sculpture
Trajan Sculpture
Golden Ox Lantern
Used to unlock and build a Spring Festival decorative structure: Golden Ox Lantern. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Guardian Anubis
Used to unlock and build an Osiris League Season 4 decorative structure: Guardian Anubis. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not obtained this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Used to unlock and build an Osiris League Season 4 decorative structure: Guide Anubis. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not obtained this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Treasure of Loyalty and Warfare
Randomly grants you 1-10 Yi Sun-sin Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Conqueror
Randomly grants you 1-10 William I Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Hardrada
Randomly grants you 1-10 Harald Sigurdsson Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Persian Empire
Randomly grants you 1-10 Cyrus the Great Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of Palmyra
Randomly grants you 1-10 Zenobia Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of Babylon
Randomly grants you 1-10 Nebuchadnezzar II Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.!
Treasure of the Legendary Heroine
Randomly grants you 1-10 Mulan Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Queen of Silla
Randomly grants you 1-10 Seondeok Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Tragic Hero
Randomly grants you 1-10 Ishida Mitsunari Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Queen of Egypt
Randomly grants you 1-10 Cleopatra VII Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Skill Reset-
Use this to reset a commander's skill points.
Crystal Chest I
Will be automatically exchanged for 10,000 Crystals at the start of the next Season of Conquest story. If you do not receive a slot for the next Lost Kingdom, this item will not be automatically exchanged.
Will be automatically exchanged for 50,000 Crystals at the start of the next Season of Conquest story. If you do not receive a slot for the next Lost Kingdom, this item will not be automatically exchanged.
Will be automatically exchanged for 100,000 Crystals at the start of the next Season of Conquest story. If you do not receive a slot for the next Lost Kingdom, this item will not be automatically exchanged.
Crystal Chest III
Crystal Chest II
Jadwiga Sculpture
Xiang Yu Sculpture#
7-Day Resource &amp; Speedup SupplyC
Log in every day to claim a large amount of resources and speedups!
Subscribe
ALREADY SUBSCRIBEDO
<href=https://rok-cn.lilithgames.com/service.html>Auto-Renewal Agreement</href>m
I have read and agree to the <href=https://rok-cn.lilithgames.com/service.html>Auto-Renewal Agreement</href>.=
1. Subscribe in-game to 7-Day Resource & Speedup Supply to receive a (7-day) daily supply of 150,000 food x4, 150,000 wood x4, 112,500 stone x4, 50,000 gold x4, and 5-minute speedups x16.
2. Subscription duration:
  {p1}/7 Days
3. Payment: The same as other in-app purchase items.
4. Unsubscribe: If you want to cancel your subscription, you can view and change your subscription status in the App Store.
5. Renew: Subscriptions can be automatically renewed when they expire. Once payment is processed successfully, the subscription will be extended for another pay period.
Subscription Explanation
Beginner's Teleport
Move your city to one of the outermost provinces of this kingdom. Unused Beginner's Teleports will be removed once your city hall reaches level 8.
Beginner's Immigration
Move your city to the location of your choice in one of the outermost provinces of another Nascent kingdom. Unused Beginner's Immigration items will be removed once your city hall reaches level 8.
Used to unlock and build an exclusive museum-themed decorative structure: Town Hall Treasure. This item will be consumed upon building (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list).
rn Ironside Sculpture
Ragnar Lodbrok Sculpture
Horned Helms9
Exchanged for great rewards in the Warrior's Feast event.
Fairy Harp
Used to unlock and build an exclusive summer event decorative structure: Fairy Harp. This item will be consumed once the Fairy Harp is built. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to see the corresponding structure in their building list)
Cheok Jun-gyeong Sculpture!
inich Janaab
 Pakal Sculpture
VIP 18 Special Bundle!
Level 5 "Pick One" Resource ChestU
Choose your reward: 1,500,000 Food, 1,500,000 Wood, 1,125,000 Stone, or 600,000 Gold.
Gaze of Horus
Used to unlock and build an Osiris League Grand Finals decorative structure: Gaze of Horus. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Fury Rune
Used to unlock and build a Summer decorative structure: Summer Lights. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Summer Lights
Lucky Coin=
Used to make a wish at the "Lucky Stall" for a special bonus.
Gilgamesh Sculpture
Amanitore Sculpture 
Queen Tamar of Georgia Sculpture
Sobek the Crocodile God
Used to unlock and build an Osiris League Season 5 decorative structure: Sobek Figurine. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not obtained this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
 Sobek the Protector
Used to unlock and build an Osiris League Season 5 decorative structure: Sobek the Protector. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not obtained this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
To The Stars
Used to unlock and build a 2021 Anniversary decorative structure: To The Stars. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Honda Tadakatsu Sculpture
Suleiman I Sculpture
Standing Bronze Figurine
Used to unlock and build a Sanxingdui Ruins decorative structure: Standing Bronze Figurine. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Bronze Flower and Bird
Used to unlock and build a Sanxingdui Ruins decorative structure: Bronze Flower and Bird. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Mirror Cat
Used to unlock and build a Halloween decorative structure: Mirror Cat. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Kaleidawheel
Used to unlock and build a Thanksgiving decorative structure: Kaleidawheel. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Blessed Journey
Used to unlock and build a Christmas decorative structure: Blessed Journey. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Phoenix Lotus Throne
Used to unlock and build a Spring Festival decorative structure: Phoenix Lotus Throne. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Bertrand du Guesclin Sculpture
Alexander Nevsky Sculpture
Scales of Anubis
Unlocks an Osiris League Grand Finals decorative structure: Scales of Anubis. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Treasure of the Northern Legend
Randomly grants you 1-10 Ragnar Lodbrok Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Used to open chests containing Legendary Commanders and other great rewards in the "Legendary Tavern" or "Heart's Desire" events.
In the Legendary Tavern event, If you earn a legendary commander (or their sculptures) whose expertise you've already unlocked, they will be automatically exchanged for Legendary Marks.
Heritage Box0
A box filled with Relic Coins and Exhibit Coins.
Floral Ornament
Used to unlock and build a spring decorative structure: Floral Ornament. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Flavius Aetius Sculpture 
Prime Scipio Africanus Sculpture
Bunny Blessings
Unlocks an Easter-themed decorative structure: Bunny Blessings. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
10,000 Crystals
50,000 Crystals
150,000 Crystals
500,000 Crystals
1,500,000 Crystals
5,000,000 Crystals
1,000 Crystals
Treasure of the Scourge of God
Treasure of the Tiger of Kai
Randomly grants you 1-10 Attila Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Takeda Shingen Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Move your city to the location of your choice in one of the outermost provinces of another Nascent kingdom. Unused Beginner's Immigration items will be removed once your city hall reaches level 8, or once the Season 1's Eve of the Crusade has begun.
Beginner's Immigration
Thutmose III Sculpture
Imhotep Sculpture
Treasure of the Blessed Saint
Randomly grants you 1-10 Jadwiga Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the King of Chu
Randomly grants you 1-10 Xiang Yu Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key or a Golden Key.!
Treasure of the Ruler of Palenque
Randomly grants you 1-10 K
inich Janaab
 Pakal Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.!
Treasure of the Goksan Cheok Clan
Randomly grants you 1-10 Cheok Jun-gyeong Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.$
Treasure of the Father of the Empire
Randomly grants you 1-10 Cyrus the Great Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Legend of Uruk
Randomly grants you 1-10 Gilgamesh Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Kandake
Randomly grants you 1-10 Amanitore Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.!
Treasure of the Byzantine Empress
Randomly grants you 1-10 Theodora Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.+
Treasure of the Duke of Loyalty and Warfare
Randomly grants you 1-10 Yi Sun-sin Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Good Emperor
Randomly grants you 1-10 Trajan Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.%
Treasure of the Eagle of the Americas
Randomly grants you 1-10 Moctezuma I Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Treasure of Kanuni
Randomly grants you 1-10 Suleiman I Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key."
Treasure of the Undefeated Warrior
Randomly grants you 1-10 Honda Tadakatsu Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Papyrus=
Exchanged for great rewards in the Pearls of the River event.
Henry V Sculpture
Prime Boudica Sculpture
Marvelous Merch 
Limited Edition RoK Merchandise!
Treasure of Thoth's Beloved
Randomly grants you 1-10 Thutmose Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key or a Silver Key.
Jan 
ka Sculpture
Prime Joan of Arc Sculpture
Viking Wind
Used to unlock and build a sailing decorative structure: Viking Wind. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)%
Anniversary City Theme Choice Voucher~
Choose a seasonal City Theme as a reward (if you already have all the rewards on offer, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).%
Anniversary Decoration Choice Voucher}
Choose a seasonal decoration as a reward (if you already have all the rewards on offer, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
Brocaded Carriage
Used to unlock and build a 2022 Anniversary decorative structure: Brocaded Carriage. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)z
Resets all adopted Strategies and recovers all spent Strategy Points. This item will be recycled at the end of the Season.
Seasonal Strategy Reset
Tariq ibn Ziyad Sculpture
Sargon the Great Sculpture&
Thanksgiving City Theme Choice Voucher
Choose a seasonal City Theme as a 2022 Thanksgiving event reward (if you already have all the rewards on offer, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).&
Thanksgiving Decoration Choice Voucher
Choose a seasonal decoration as a 2022 Thanksgiving event reward (if you already have all the rewards on offer, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems)./
Thanksgiving City Theme Choice Voucher (7 Days)
Choose a seasonal City Theme as a 2022 Thanksgiving event reward (if you already have all the rewards on offer, this will be exchanged for 100 Gems).#
Halloween Decoration Choice Voucher
Choose a seasonal decoration as a 2022 Halloween event reward (if you already have all the rewards on offer, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).T
Resets all your developed Strategies and returns all spent Strategy Points. Proceed?
Luminous Mandjet
Used to unlock and build an Osiris League Grand Finals decorative structure: Luminous Mandjet. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Move your city to one of the outermost provinces of this kingdom ({p1}, {p2}, or {p3}). Unused Beginner's Teleports will be removed once your city hall reaches level 8.
Margaret I Sculpture
Babur Sculpture
Heraclius Sculpture8
<b>Brand new</b> commanders are coming soon! Stay tuned!%
Valentine's Decoration Choice Voucher
Choose a 2023 Valentine's Day decoration as an event reward (if you already have all the decorations, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).%
Valentine's City Theme Choice Voucher
Choose a 2023 Valentine's Day city theme as an event reward (if you already have all the themes, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).
<b>Chest Reward Odds</b>
Silk RibbonW
Can be obtained from the 2023 Wish Upon a Cloud event. Can be exchanged for Kite Reels.
Wish Plaque_
Can be purchased with Gems from the 2023 Wish Upon a Cloud event. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Kite Reelsj
Can be obtained from the 2023 Wish Upon a Cloud event by using Silk Ribbons. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Silk Ribbons*
Spring Once More Decoration Choice Voucher
Choose a 2023 Spring Once More seasonal decoration to receive (if you already have all the rewards on offer, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).*
Spring Once More City Theme Choice Voucher
Choose a 2023 Spring Once More city theme to receive (if you already have all the themes, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).3
Spring Once More City Theme Choice Voucher (7 Days)
Choose a 2023 Spring Once More 7-day city theme to receive (if you already have all the themes, this will be exchanged for 50 Gems).
Choose a 2023 Spring Once More 7-day city theme to receive (if you already have all the themes, this will be exchanged for 100 Gems).
Dido Sculpture
Zhuge Liang Sculpture
Huo Qubing Sculpture
Justinian I Sculpture
Pericles Sculpture
ChiselJ
Acquired from the 2023 Hellenic Epic event. Can be exchanged for Drachmas.
Paint[
Can be purchased with Gems from the 2023 Hellenic Epic event. Can be exchanged for rewards.
DrachmaX
Acquired by using Chisels in the 2023 Hellenic Epic event. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Chisels
Treasure of Epirus
Randomly grants you 1-10 Pyrrhus Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Pyrrhus Sculpture
Pillars of Time
Unlocks a Greece-themed decorative structure: Pillars of Time. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.:
Used in the 2023 Qixi Festival event "Esmeralda's Prayer". 
Qixi Festival Decoration Voucher
Choose a 2023 Qixi Festival seasonal decoration (if you already have all the rewards on offer, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems). 
Qixi Festival City Theme Voucher
Choose a 2023 Qixi Festival seasonal city theme to receive (if you already have all the rewards on offer, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).
Lady of War
Unlocks an Osiris League Grand Finals decorative structure: Lady of War. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Goddess of War
Unlocks an Osiris League Grand Finals decorative structure: Goddess of War. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Anniversary Coin
Anniversary Coins
Even the passage of time has not worn down the engravings on this coin, the wishes of its countless owners for a better life. Can be exchanged for rewards in the Anniversary Shop.
Jade Dragon
Jade Dragons
An exquisite jade "jue", carved to resemble a dragon. Looking at it up close, you swear you can hear a faint roar. Can be exchanged for rewards in the Anniversary Shop.
Lunar Lantern
Lunar Lanterns{
Can be obtained during the 2023 Let There Be Moonlight event. Used to increase your reward level in Let There Be Moonlight.
Tiger Tally
Unlocks an RoK x Shaanxi History Museum collab event decorative structure: Tiger Tally. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Gorgo Sculpture
Liu Che Sculpture 
Limited-Time Beginner's Teleport
Creepy CandyX
Can be obtained from the 2023 Monster Mash event. Can be exchanged for Jack-O'-Lanterns.
Witch HatZ
Can be purchased with Gems from the 2023 Monster Mash event. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Jack-O'-Lantern\
Acquired by using Creepy Candy in the 2023 Monster Mash event. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Creepy Candies
Beginner's Teleport
Moves your city and changes your affiliated province to one of the outermost provinces in this kingdom ({p1}, {p2}, or {p3}). Unused Beginner's Teleports will be lost once your City Hall reaches level 12. 
Limited-Time Beginner's Teleport$
Moves your city and changes your affiliated province to one of the outermost provinces in this kingdom ({p1}, {p2}, or {p3}). Unlike regular Beginner's Teleports, Limited-Time Beginner's Teleports will NOT be lost if you upgrade your City Hall, but will expire after a certain amount of time.
Halloween Decoration Voucher}
Choose a 2023 Halloween Bash decoration to receive (if you already have all the themes, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
Halloween City Theme Voucher~
Choose a 2023 Halloween Bash city theme to receive (if you already have all the themes, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).%
Halloween City Theme Voucher (7 Days)
Choose a 2023 Halloween Bash 7-day city theme to receive (if you already have all the themes, this will be exchanged for 100 Gems).>
Used in the 2023 Thanksgiving Show event "Esmeralda's Prayer".)
2023 Thanksgiving Show City Theme Voucher}
Choose a seasonal city theme to receive (if you already have all the rewards on offer, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).)
2023 Thanksgiving Show Decoration Voucher|
Choose a seasonal decoration to receive (if you already have all the rewards on offer, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
Ashurbanipal Sculpture
Prime Hermann Sculpture
Whipped Cream
Whipped CreamA
Used to upgrade your event level in the 2023 Merry Cakemas event.
Wintertide Watchman
Unlocks a Christmas-themed decorative structure: Wintertide Watchman. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Commander Sculpture Chest
Bronze TaelP
Acquired from the 2024 Roaring to Life event. Can be exchanged for Firecrackers.
Dragon PackT
Purchased with Gems in the 2024 Roaring to Life event. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Firecracker_
Acquired by using Bronze Taels in the 2024 Roaring to Life event. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Bronze Taels"
Spring Festival Decoration Voucher
Choose a 2024 Spring Festival decoration to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
Lapulapu Sculpture
Gonzalo de C
rdoba Sculpture
Gajah Mada Sculpture
Valentine's City Theme Voucher
Choose a 2024 Valentine's Day city theme to receive (if you already have all the themes, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).
Treasure of the Breton Eagle
Randomly grants you 1-10 Bertrand du Guesclin Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Neva
Randomly grants you 1-10 Alexander Nevsky Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Patrician
Randomly grants you 1-10 Flavius Aetius Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Treasure of Zama
Randomly grants you 1-10 Prime Scipio Africanus Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Treasure of Lancaster
Randomly grants you 1-10 Henry V Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Treasure of the Iceni Queen
Randomly grants you 1-10 Prime Boudica Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Trowel
TrowelsO
Used to upgrade your event level in the 2024 Spring event Come Into the Garden.
Spring Decoration Voucher
Choose a 2024 Spring decoration to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
Spring City Theme Voucher
Choose a 2024 Spring city theme to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).
Easter CandyN
Acquired from the 2024 Verdant Picnic event. Can be exchanged for Easter Eggs.
Straw BonnetS
Purchased with Gems in the 2024 Verdant Picnic event. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Easter Egg^
Acquired by using Easter Candy in the 2024 Verdant Picnic event. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Easter Candy
Easter Decoration Voucher
Choose a 2024 Easter decoration to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
Easter City Theme Voucherv
Choose a 2024 Easter city theme to receive (if you already have all the themes, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).
Eleanor of Aquitaine Sculpture
Prime Belisarius Sculpture"
Easter City Theme Voucher (7 Days){
Choose a 2024 Easter 7-day city theme to receive (if you already have all the themes, this will be exchanged for 100 Gems).
Shiny Wishing CoinT
Can be used in the Esmeralda's Prayer event during the 2024 Museum Day event series."
2024 Museum Day City Theme Vouchert
Choose a city theme to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems)."
2024 Museum Day Decoration Vouchers
Choose a decoration to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
Staggered Formationa
The user's troop gains <b>{s1}%</b> March Speed when marching to join a rallied army or garrison.r
2024 Dragon Boat Festival event item. Can be used in the Mouth-Watering Zongzi event to increase your event level.
Choose a 2024 Dragon Boat Festival decoration to receive (if you already have all the decorations, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems). 
Choose a 2024 Dragon Boat Festival city theme to receive (if you already have all the themes, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems). 
William Wallace Sculpture
Scipio Aemilianus Sculpture
Aquila I
Unlocks a World Wanderer: Rome decorative structure: Aquila I. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Aquila II
Unlocks a World Wanderer: Rome decorative structure: Aquila II. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Treasure of the Chalice
Treasure of the Maid
Treasure of al-Andalus
Treasure of Akkad
Treasure of the First Basileus
Treasure of the Mughal Tiger
Treasure of Kalmar
Treasure of Carthage 
Treasure of the Crouching Dragon"
Treasure of the Unsleeping Emperor
Treasure of Marquis Guanjun
Treasure of the Laconian Eagle
Treasure of Shizong
Treasure of Assyria
Treasure of Teutoburg Forest
Treasure of Mactan
Treasure of El Gran Capit
Treasure of Jirnnodhara
Randomly grants you 1-10 Jan 
ka Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Prime Joan of Arc Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Tariq ibn Ziyad Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Sargon the Great Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Heraclius Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Babur Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Margaret I Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Dido Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Zhuge Liang Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Justinian I Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Huo Qubing Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Gorgo Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Liu Che Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Ashurbanipal Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Prime Hermann Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Lapulapu Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Gonzalo de C
rdoba Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Gajah Mada Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Altar of Mars and Venus
Unlocks an RoK x National Roman Museum collab event decorative structure: Altar of Mars and Venus. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Faravahar
Unlocks an Osiris League Grand Finals decorative structure: Faravahar. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Gold LeafQ
Can be redeemed from the 2024 Vir Triumphalis event in exchange for Gold Wreaths.
PhaleraT
Purchased with Gems in the 2024 Vir Triumphalis event. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Gold Wreath^
Acquired by using Gold Leaves in the 2024 Vir Triumphalis event. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Gold Leaves
Eternal City Decoration Voucher
Choose a 2024 Eternal City decoration to receive (if you already have all the decorations, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
Repair Toolg
Can be obtained during the 2024 Eternal City event series. Used to restore the Altar of Mars and Venus.
Repair ToolsW
Can be used in the Esmeralda's Prayer event during the 2024 Qixi Festival event series.%
2024 Qixi Festival City Theme Vouchert
Choose a city theme to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).%
2024 Qixi Festival Decoration Vouchers
Choose a decoration to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
Shajar al-Durr Sculpture
Choe Yeong Sculpture
Evening Revelryq
Used to activate the Evening Revelry chat theme. Can be obtained from the 2024 Anniversary Festival event series.,
2024 Anniversary Festival City Theme Vouchert
Choose a city theme to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).,
2024 Anniversary Festival Decoration Vouchers
Choose a decoration to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
Quill
QuillsW
Can be obtained during the 2024 Voyager's Log event. Used to increase your event level.
Prime Ragnar Lodbrok Sculpture
Master of Waves
Unlocks a 2024 Anniversary Festival decorative structure: Master of Waves. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.[
Can be used in the Esmeralda's Prayer event during the 2024 Sorcerous Reverie event series.)
2024 Sorcerous Reverie City Theme Vouchert
Choose a city theme to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).)
2024 Sorcerous Reverie Decoration Vouchers
Choose a decoration to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
VIP 19 Special Bundle
SVIP Bundle
Philip II Sculpture
Stephen III Sculpture
John Hunyadi Sculpture
Siyaj K'ak' Sculpture
Wak Chanil Ajaw Sculpture
Catherine de' Medici Sculpture
Narses Sculpture
Merrygami
Unlocks a Christmas-themed decorative structure: Merrygami. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Subutai Sculpture
Arthur Pendragon Sculpture
Snake TokenP
Obtained from the Serpentine Spring event. Can be exchanged for Spring Lanterns.
Snake PackQ
Purchased with Gems in the Serpentine Spring event. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Spring Lantern\
Acquired by using Snake Tokens in the Serpentine Spring event. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Snake Tokens"
Spring Festival Decoration Voucher
Choose a 2025 Spring Festival decoration to receive. (If you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems.)
Bronze Ding Vessel
Unlocks a World Wanderer: China decorative structure: Bronze Ding Vessel. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Ancient Stela
Unlocks a Maya-themed decorative structure: Ancient Stela. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Treasure of the Flameborn
Randomly grants you 1-10 Siyaj K'ak' Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.O
Used to upgrade your event level in the 2025 Spring event Come Into the Garden.
Choose a 2025 Spring decoration to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
Choose a 2025 Spring city theme to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).9
Can be obtained by purchasing the Homecoming Gift bundle.
Kingdom Bugle
Lost Kingdom Bugle
Season Bugle
Allows you to make a statement in the Kingdom chat channel. All governors in your kingdom will receive your statement, and it'll be stickied to the top of the Kingdom chat channel. Your City Hall must be at least level 16 to use this.
Allows you to make a statement in the Lost Kingdom chat channel. All governors in your Lost Kingdom will receive your statement, and it'll be stickied to the top of the Lost Kingdom chat channel. Your City Hall must be at least level 25 to use this.'
Allows you to make a statement in the chat channels of all kingdoms and Lost Kingdoms in the same season as you. All governors in your season will receive the statement, and it'll be stickied to the top of all their kingdom and Lost Kingdom channels. Your City Hall must be level 25 to use this.f
Can be used to make a statement in the Kingdom chat channel. Your City Hall must be at least level 16.U
Use to make a statement in the Kingdom chat channel. Some things are worth repeating!V
Can be used to make statements in the Kingdom chat channel. Nobody can ignore you now.g
Can be used to make statements in the Kingdom chat channel. Now everybody HAS to read your short story.k
Can be used to make a statement in the Lost Kingdom chat channel. Your City Hall must be at least level 25.
Can be used to make statements in the Lost Kingdom chat channel. You've got a lot of good ideas
now everybody gets to hear them.i
Can be used to make statements in the Lost Kingdom chat channel. Let your voice be heard in every corner.
Can be used to make statements in the Lost Kingdom chat channel. Your words will go down in history. Better say something clever.
Can be used to make a statement in all kingdom and Lost Kingdom channels in your current season. Your City Hall must be level 25.
Can be used to make statements in all kingdom and Lost Kingdom channels in your season. You must have something very important to say.
Can be used to make statements in all kingdom and Lost Kingdom channels in your season. Some say you talk too much; you prefer the term "gregarious".v
Can be used to make statements in all kingdom and Lost Kingdom channels in your season. Become an overnight celebrity.
Treasure of the Sea-King
Randomly grants you 1-10 Prime Ragnar Lodbrok Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key or a Golden Key.N
You need to have been assigned a Lost Kingdom slot to take part in this event.
Blessings of Temperance
Unlocks a 2025 Ramadan decorative structure: Blessings of Temperance. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Tokugawa Ieyasu Sculpture
Bai Qi Sculpture
Easter CandyP
Can be used in the Esmeralda's Prayer event during the 2025 Easter event series.
Imperial Scrolle
A finely crafted Imperial Scroll. Can be used in the Team Draw event in the 2025 Easter event series.
Easter Decoration Voucher
Choose a 2025 Easter decoration to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
Treasure of La Duquessa
Treasure of the Bucellarius 
Treasure of Carthage's Conqueror
Treasure of Stirling Bridge
Treasure of Lord Mumin
Treasure of the Pearl Tree
Treasure of the Athleta Christi
Treasure of the Argeadai
Treasure of the Great Voievod
Randomly grants you 1-10 Eleanor of Aquitaine Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Prime Belisarius Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Scipio Aemilianus Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 William Wallace Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Choe Yeong Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Shajar al-Durr Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 John Hunyadi Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Philip II Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Stephen III Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Road to Greatness
Worth {p1} Gems
Supercharge Your Recharge
RECHARGE
Buy a total of {p1}
to claim
CLAIM
CLAIMED&
Complete all previous tiers to unlock.
Excavation BrushO
Obtained from the Mesozoic Mysteries event. Can be exchanged for Fossil Tracks.
Rock ChiselR
Purchased with Gems in the Mesozoic Mysteries event. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Fossil Trackc
Acquired by using Excavation Brushes in the Mesozoic Mysteries event. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Excavation Brushes
Museum Day Decoration Voucher
Choose a 2025 Museum Mania decoration to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
Museum Day City Theme Voucher
Choose a 2025 Museum Mania city theme to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).&
Museum Day City Theme Voucher (7 Days)
Choose a 2025 Museum Mania 7-day city theme to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 100 Gems).(
Please claim all previous rewards first.{
Can be obtained during the 2025 Let There Be Moonlight event. Used to increase your reward level in Let There Be Moonlight.
Qin Decoration Voucher
Choose a 2025 Qin Ascendancy decoration to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
Rare Qin Treasure 
Open to receive a random reward.
Venison
Antlers
BearskinC
Taste like nourishment, relief, and hope... and a little bit gamey.d
The antlers of a stag. Sharp as a spear and hard as stone, they can be made into a variety of tools.+
Rough in its texture, tender in its warmth.
Cloud-Carved Drum
Unlocks a 2025 Qin dynasty decorative structure: Cloud-Carved Drum. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Qin Shi Huang Sculpture
Shapur I SculptureX
Can be used in the Esmeralda's Prayer event during the 2025 Seastride Song event series.!
Seastride Song Decoration Voucher
Choose a 2025 Seastride Song decoration to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).!
Seastride Song City Theme Voucher
Choose a 2025 Seastride Song city theme to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).
Silent Night (7 Days)
Cupid's Arrow (7 Days)G
Adorns your city with special Christmas decorations. (Duration: 7 days)M
Adorns your city with special Valentine's Day decorations. (Duration: 7 days)
Archimedes Sculpture
Mary I Sculpture
Dream Coin
Dream CoinsZ
A coin imbued with mysterious power. Can be used to make a wish at the Fountain of Dreams.
Dream Ticket
Dream Tickets2
Can be used to purchase rewards in the Dream Shop.
Treasure of the Mathematician
Treasure of Bloody Mary
Randomly grants you 1-10 Archimedes Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Mary I Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Golden Key, or a Silver Key.
Matthias I Sculpture
Afonso de Albuquerque Sculpture*
Special Treasure Offer: Kamakura's Warlord#
Special Treasure Offer: The Warlord-
Special Treasure Offer: The Legendary Heroine"
Special Treasure Offer: Ebu'l Feth'
Special Treasure Offer: The Tragic Hero*
Special Treasure Offer: The Queen of Egypt*
Special Treasure Offer: The Queen of Silla%
Special Treasure Offer: The Lionheart-
Special Treasure Offer: The Uncrowned Emperor&
Special Treasure Offer: The Barbarossa-
Special Treasure Offer: The Bow of Revolution*
Special Treasure Offer: The Martel's Heart)
Special Treasure Offer: The Holy Overlord+
Special Treasure Offer: The Universal Ruler+
Special Treasure Offer: The World Conqueror(
Special Treasure Offer: The Black Prince)
Special Treasure Offer: Al-Malik an-Nasir)
Special Treasure Offer: The Peerless Lord$
Special Treasure Offer: The Overlord(
Special Treasure Offer: The Tiger of Kai#
Special Treasure Offer: The Scourge+
Special Treasure Offer: The Northern Legend'
Special Treasure Offer: Thoth's Beloved%
Special Treasure Offer: The Conqueror%
Special Treasure Offer: The Lord Guan$
Special Treasure Offer: The Hardrada(
Special Treasure Offer: The Gods-Favored(
Special Treasure Offer: The Spartan Lion*
Special Treasure Offer: The Queen of Caria+
Special Treasure Offer: Loyalty and Warfare-
Special Treasure Offer: The Byzantine Empress0
Special Treasure Offer: The Lord of the Peacocks
Special Treasure Offer: Palmyra0
Special Treasure Offer: The Father of the Empire
Special Treasure Offer: Babylon(
Special Treasure Offer: The Good Emperor1
Special Treasure Offer: The Eagle of the Americas)
Special Treasure Offer: The Blessed Saint'
Special Treasure Offer: The King of Chu-
Special Treasure Offer: The Ruler of Palenque-
Special Treasure Offer: The Goksan Cheok Clan*
Special Treasure Offer: The Legend of Uruk#
Special Treasure Offer: The Kandake
Special Treasure Offer: Kanuni.
Special Treasure Offer: The Undefeated Warrior
Special Treasure Offer: Epirus(
Special Treasure Offer: The Breton Eagle 
Special Treasure Offer: The Neva%
Special Treasure Offer: The Patrician
Special Treasure Offer: Zama!
Special Treasure Offer: Lancaster'
Special Treasure Offer: The Iceni Queen#
Special Treasure Offer: The Chalice 
Special Treasure Offer: The Maid#
Special Treasure Offer: Al-Andalus 
Special Treasure Offer: Akkad*
Special Treasure Offer: The First Basileus(
Special Treasure Offer: The Mughal Tiger
Special Treasure Offer: Kalmar 
Special Treasure Offer: Carthage,
Special Treasure Offer: The Crouching Dragon.
Special Treasure Offer: The Unsleeping Emperor'
Special Treasure Offer: Marquis Guanjun*
Special Treasure Offer: The Laconian Eagle
Special Treasure Offer: Shizong
Special Treasure Offer: Assyria(
Special Treasure Offer: Teutoburg Forest
Special Treasure Offer: Mactan(
Special Treasure Offer: El Gran Capit
Special Treasure Offer: Jirnnodhara%
Special Treasure Offer: The Flameborn$
Special Treasure Offer: The Sea-King#
Special Treasure Offer: La Duquessa'
Special Treasure Offer: The Bucellarius'
Special Treasure Offer: Stirling Bridge&
Special Treasure Offer: The Pearl Tree"
Special Treasure Offer: Lord Mumin,
Special Treasure Offer: Carthage's Conqueror$
Special Treasure Offer: The Argeadai)
Special Treasure Offer: The Great Voievod+
Special Treasure Offer: The Athleta Christi)
Special Treasure Offer: The Mathematician#
Special Treasure Offer: Bloody Mary,
Guaranteed Minamoto no Yoshitsune Sculptures
Guaranteed Cao Cao Sculptures
Guaranteed Mulan Sculptures
Guaranteed Mehmed II Sculptures&
Guaranteed Ishida Mitsunari Sculptures#
Guaranteed Cleopatra VII Sculptures
Guaranteed Seondeok Sculptures
Guaranteed Richard I Sculptures#
Guaranteed Julius Caesar Sculptures!
Guaranteed Frederick I Sculptures"
Guaranteed Yi Seong-Gye Sculptures$
Guaranteed Charles Martel Sculptures
Guaranteed El Cid Sculptures"
Guaranteed Genghis Khan Sculptures)
Guaranteed Alexander the Great Sculptures)
Guaranteed Edward of Woodstock Sculptures
Guaranteed Saladin Sculptures#
Guaranteed Constantine I Sculptures
Guaranteed Tomyris Sculptures$
Guaranteed Takeda Shingen Sculptures
Guaranteed Attila Sculptures$
Guaranteed Ragnar Lodbrok Sculptures"
Guaranteed Thutmose III Sculptures
Guaranteed William I Sculptures
Guaranteed Guan Yu Sculptures'
Guaranteed Harald Sigurdsson Sculptures!
Guaranteed Ramesses II Sculptures 
Guaranteed Leonidas I Sculptures!
Guaranteed Artemisia I Sculptures 
Guaranteed Yi Sun-sin Sculptures
Guaranteed Theodora Sculptures)
Guaranteed Chandragupta Maurya Sculptures
Guaranteed Zenobia Sculptures%
Guaranteed Cyrus the Great Sculptures'
Guaranteed Nebuchadnezzar II Sculptures
Guaranteed Trajan Sculptures!
Guaranteed Moctezuma I Sculptures
Guaranteed Jadwiga Sculptures
Guaranteed Xiang Yu Sculptures-
Guaranteed K
inich Janaab
 Pakal Sculptures&
Guaranteed Cheok Jun-gyeong Sculptures
Guaranteed Gilgamesh Sculptures
Guaranteed Amanitore Sculptures 
Guaranteed Suleiman I Sculptures%
Guaranteed Honda Tadakatsu Sculptures
Guaranteed Pyrrhus Sculptures*
Guaranteed Bertrand du Guesclin Sculptures&
Guaranteed Alexander Nevsky Sculptures$
Guaranteed Flavius Aetius Sculptures,
Guaranteed Prime Scipio Africanus Sculptures
Guaranteed Henry V Sculptures#
Guaranteed Prime Boudica Sculptures!
Guaranteed Jan 
ka Sculptures'
Guaranteed Prime Joan of Arc Sculptures%
Guaranteed Tariq ibn Ziyad Sculptures&
Guaranteed Sargon the Great Sculptures
Guaranteed Heraclius Sculptures
Guaranteed Babur Sculptures 
Guaranteed Margaret I Sculptures
Guaranteed Dido Sculptures!
Guaranteed Zhuge Liang Sculptures!
Guaranteed Justinian I Sculptures 
Guaranteed Huo Qubing Sculptures
Guaranteed Gorgo Sculptures
Guaranteed Liu Che Sculptures"
Guaranteed Ashurbanipal Sculptures#
Guaranteed Prime Hermann Sculptures
Guaranteed Lapulapu Sculptures)
Guaranteed Gonzalo de C
rdoba Sculptures 
Guaranteed Gajah Mada Sculptures!
Guaranteed Siyaj K'ak' Sculptures*
Guaranteed Prime Ragnar Lodbrok Sculptures*
Guaranteed Eleanor of Aquitaine Sculptures&
Guaranteed Prime Belisarius Sculptures%
Guaranteed William Wallace Sculptures$
Guaranteed Shajar al-Durr Sculptures 
Guaranteed Choe Yeong Sculptures'
Guaranteed Scipio Aemilianus Sculptures
Guaranteed Philip II Sculptures!
Guaranteed Stephen III Sculptures"
Guaranteed John Hunyadi Sculptures 
Guaranteed Archimedes Sculptures
Guaranteed Mary I Sculptures"
Isle of Marvels Decoration Voucher
Choose a 2025 Isle of Marvels decoration to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems)."
Isle of Marvels City Theme Voucher
Choose a 2025 Isle of Marvels city theme to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).+
Isle of Marvels City Theme Voucher (7 Days)
Choose a 2025 Isle of Marvels 7-day city theme to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 100 Gems).
Casimir III Sculpture
Pepin III Sculpture
Zenith Badge
Zenith Badges
Obtained during the Zenith of Power event by increasing your power. Can be exchanged in the Zenith Shop for the current Zenith of Power city theme and other items. At the end of the event, unused Zenith Badges will be lost.
Flow of Time
Unlocks a 2025 Anniversary Festival decorative structure: Flow of Time. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Achilles Sculpture
Hector Sculpture
David IV Sculpture
Gang Gamchan Sculpture
Trojan Horse
Unlocks a World Wanderer: Troy decorative structure: Trojan Horse. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.&
2025 Halloween Bash City Theme Voucher&
2025 Halloween Bash Decoration Voucher
Treasure of the Khan's Sword
Treasure of the Round Table
Treasure of the Eastern Light
Treasure of the Death Dealer
Treasure of the Shahanshah
Treasure of the First Emperor
Treasure of the Raven King
Treasure of the Eastern Caesar
Treasure of the Swift-Footed
Treasure of the Gleaming Helm
Treasure of Saint George
Treasure of the Fallen Star
Randomly grants you 1-10 Subutai Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Arthur Pendragon Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Tokugawa Ieyasu Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Bai Qi Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Shapur I Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Qin Shi Huang Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Matthias I Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Afonso de Albuquerque Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Achilles Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Hector Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 David IV Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Randomly grants you 1-10 Gang Gamchan Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.-
Special Treasure Offer: The Sword of the Khan0
Special Treasure Offer: The Once and Future King-
Special Treasure Offer: The T
 Daigongen*
Special Treasure Offer: The Deity of Death&
Special Treasure Offer: The Shahanshah)
Special Treasure Offer: The First Emperor 
Special Treasure Offer: Corvinus.
Special Treasure Offer: The Caesar of the East(
Special Treasure Offer: The Swift-Footed*
Special Treasure Offer: The Prince of Troy#
Special Treasure Offer: The Builder(
Special Treasure Offer: The Falling Star
Guaranteed Subutai Sculptures&
Guaranteed Arthur Pendragon Sculptures%
Guaranteed Tokugawa Ieyasu Sculptures
Guaranteed Bai Qi Sculptures
Guaranteed Shapur I Sculptures#
Guaranteed Qin Shi Huang Sculptures 
Guaranteed Matthias I Sculptures+
Guaranteed Afonso de Albuquerque Sculptures
Guaranteed Achilles Sculptures
Guaranteed Hector Sculptures
Guaranteed David IV Sculptures"
Guaranteed Gang Gamchan Sculptures
Advanced Architect
Welcome back, and congratulations on your first building upgrade since your return!
Check out this bundle for everything you'll need to build the city of your dreams!
Tech Tycoon
Welcome back, and congratulations on researching your first tech since your return!
Check out this bundle for everything you'll need to stay on the bleeding edge!
Muster the Men
Welcome back, and congratulations on training your first units since your return!
Check out this bundle for everything you'll need to build an invincible army!
Tier 4 Unit Chestz
Select a unit type to receive {p1} Tier 4 units of that type. This will not count toward quests that track troop training.~
Open to choose a commander sculpture from the following: Cleopatra VII, Seondeok, Ishida Mitsunari, Pepin III, or Casimir III.
Heliamber Season Supply
Heliamber Season Supply 
Receive: <b>1 Heliamber Mine</b> 
Receive: <b>{p1} </b><b>Gems</b> 
 - Instantly increase your Valor[
During the season, you can claim <b>{p1}</b> <b>Heliamber</b> <color=#c74600>daily</color>.
Sure Success
Your Heliamber Mine has reached level {p1}! Production efficiency has gone way up!
Purchase this bundle to supercharge your growth.
Preserved in Amber$
2025 Thanksgiving City Theme Voucher$
2025 Thanksgiving Decoration Voucher-
2025 Thanksgiving City Theme Voucher (7 Days)
Choose a 2025 Thanksgiving Show city theme to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).
Choose a 2025 Thanksgiving Show decoration to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems).
Choose a 2025 Thanksgiving Show 7-day city theme to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 100 Gems).
Geomcha
Unlocks an Annals of Goryeo decorative structure: Geomcha. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Torch
Ignites the fighting spirit of the nation's defenders. Obtained from a variety of sources. Can be used to light the beacon fires and earn Beacon Medals in the Spirit of Gwiju event.
Beacon Medalm
Earned by participating in the Spirit of Gwiju event. Can be exchanged for items in the Meeds of Merit event.
Quest Crest
Used to unlock featured quests.
Contribution Coind
Obtained by completing Alliance Mobilization quests. Can be exchanged in the event shop for rewards.
Torches
Pine Spring
Unlocks a Christmas-themed decorative structure: Pine Spring. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Prime Sun Tzu Sculpture
Ivar Sculpture
Flux Scrip Store?
Get extra Flux Coins when making purchases via the Lilith Store
Flux Scrip Store
Combo Purchase
Single Purchase
Flux Coin Bundle 
Flux Coin Bundle 
Flux Coin Bundle 
Flux Coin Bundle 
Flux Coin Bundle 
Match Met
Unlocks a decorative structure from the Military Heritage event series: Match Met. This item will be consumed upon building it. Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the structure in their building list.
Fortuitous Fortune
Used to unlock and build a 2026 Spring Festival event series decorative structure: Fortuitous Fortune. This item will be consumed upon building. (Governors who have not received this item will be unable to view the corresponding structure in their building list.)
Faded Zenith Badge
A badge that shines from the gentle caress of passing time. Obtained through conversion from Zenith Badges and can be used to exchange for various rewards in the Zenith Shop, including returning city themes from past Zenith of Power events.T
<b><size=30>Oasis Bazaar</size></b>
<color=#997336>Peruse treasures from the farthest reaches of the world!</color>
 <b>Bazaar Overview</b> 
In the Oasis Bazaar, you may purchase resources with Clamyks or sell resources for Gems.
 <b>Buying Resources</b>
1. From the Buy page, you can select the resources you want to purchase. If your purchase is successful, you'll be notified by mail and your resources will be automatically added to your storage.
2. The Oasis Bazaar will refresh at regular intervals. When it refreshes, all the newly-submitted sale orders will be posted.
3. Unless you enable the Hide Purchase Info setting, the governors selling you resources will know who purchased their resources.
4. There is a limit on how many resources you can buy each week.
 <b>Selling Resources</b>
1. From the Sell page, you can select the resources you want to sell. If your sale is successful, you'll receive a notification by mail and your Gems will be automatically added to your storage.
2. There is a limit on how many resources you can sell each week.
3. Any resources that aren't purchased will be returned to your storage.
 <b>Pricing</b>
1. The price of resources varies by season. This includes both the Clamyks needed to buy them and the Gems earned from selling them.
2. Within the same season, resource prices may also vary with time.
Ready for Battle
Divine EmblemY
A sacred emblem given to the worthy. Can be used to redeem rewards in the Blessings Shop.
RULES
Alp Arslan Sculpture
Hayam Wuruk Sculpturez
Select a unit type to receive {p1} Tier 2 units of that type. This will not count toward quests that track troop training.z
Select a unit type to receive {p1} Tier 3 units of that type. This will not count toward quests that track troop training.
Tier 2 Unit Chest
Tier 3 Unit Chest
Firefly
FirefliesQ
Used to raise your event level in the 2026 Summer Solstice event Midsummer Magic."
Summer Solstice Decoration Voucher
Choose a 2026 Summer Solstice decoration to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 200 Gems)."
Summer Solstice City Theme Voucher
Choose a 2026 Summer Solstice city theme to receive (if you already have all the possible rewards, this will be exchanged for 2000 Gems).
Pelagius Sculpture
Vercingetorix Sculpture
Elizabeth I Sculpture
Yahya ibn Khalid Sculpture
Treasure of the Grand Vizier
Randomly grants you 1-10 Yahya ibn Khalid Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.$
Special Treasure Offer: Grand Vizier&
Guaranteed Yahya ibn Khalid Sculptures
Treasure of the Builder
Randomly grants you 1-10 David IV Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Treasure of the Falling Star
Randomly grants you 1-10 Gang Gamchan Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Treasure of the Boneless
Randomly grants you 1-10 Ivar Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Treasure of the Artist of War
Randomly grants you 1-10 Prime Sun Tzu Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Treasure of the Thalassocrat
Randomly grants you 1-10 Hayam Wuruk Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key. 
Treasure of the Sultan of Seljuk
Randomly grants you 1-10 Alp Arslan Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Treasure of the King of Gaul
Randomly grants you 1-10 Vercingetorix Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.
Treasure of Queen Gloriana
Randomly grants you 1-10 Elizabeth I Sculptures, a Legendary Commander Sculpture, an Epic Commander Sculpture, a Silver Key, or a Golden Key.#
Special Treasure Offer: The Builder
Guaranteed David IV Sculptures1
Special Treasure Offer: Sword of the Falling Star"
Guaranteed Gang Gamchan Sculptures$
Special Treasure Offer: The Boneless
Guaranteed Ivar Sculptures%
Special Treasure Offer: Artist of War#
Guaranteed Prime Sun Tzu Sculptures(
Special Treasure Offer: The Thalassocrat!
Guaranteed Hayam Wuruk Sculptures(
Special Treasure Offer: Sultan of Seljuk 
Guaranteed Alp Arslan Sculptures$
Special Treasure Offer: King of Gaul#
Guaranteed Vercingetorix Sculptures&
Special Treasure Offer: Queen Gloriana!
Guaranteed Elizabeth I Sculptures$
Special Treasure Offer: Grand Vizier#
Special Treasure Offer: The Builder1
Special Treasure Offer: Sword of the Falling Star$
Special Treasure Offer: The Boneless%
Special Treasure Offer: Artist of War(
Special Treasure Offer: The Thalassocrat(
Special Treasure Offer: Sultan of Seljuk$
Special Treasure Offer: King of Gaul&
Special Treasure Offer: Queen Gloriana
Individual Point
Individual PointsY
Obtained through completing quests in the preparation phase of the Radiant Rivalry event.
Radiant Token
Radiant Tokens
Obtained through combat in the battle phase of the Radiant Rivalry event and used to redeem rewards in the Radiance Shop. Unused tokens are lost at the end of the ev